Bachelor of Business Administration BS (Business Analytics) BS (Accounting & Finance) MS (Accounting & Finance) Master of Business Administration MS (Business Analytics) PhD (Management Sciences) BS (Computer Science) BS (Data Science) BS (Software Engineering) MS (Computer Science) MS (Data Science) MS (Software Project Management) PhD (Computer Science) BS (Electrical Engineering) MS (Electrical Engineering) PhD (Electrical Engineering) BS (Civil Engineering) MS (Civil Engineering) PhD (Civil Engineering) MS (Mathematics) MS (English Language Teaching) MS (Applied Linguistics) PhD (Mathematics) As Director of Lahore Campus, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our website. I invite you to navigate our programs, research projects, events and also get familiarized with the faculty and staff who are vigorously engaged in making the campus a center of excellence. Located in the heart of Lahore, the campus is committed to impart quality education and contribute significantly in the nation-building. Our efforts are directed towards strengthening the liaison between the academics and the industry through entrepreneurial ventures and well-thought-out curricula. Life at campus provides students with opportunities to develop social and specialized skills for their professional fields and maintain the balance between high academic standards and extra-curricular activities. The academic environment at the campus encourages students to further their learning beyond the classroom to enhance general awareness and appreciate diversity. We attach great importance to the social and ethical values and strive to inculcate them in the overall learning experiences of our students. Among the pioneers in IT education, we pride ourselves on the diverse degree programs that the University offers keeping the latest trends in mind. The research-oriented approach and state-of-the-art infrastructure of the campus are dedicated to the quality of enhanced academic environments to produce future leaders.

Thank you for visiting our website. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Last date for submission of applications is extended to October 18, 2024. All undergraduate students of Batch 2024 can apply for Chief Minister’s Punjab Honhaar undergraduate scholarship program, which is being offered on merit basis. The eligibility criteria has been mentioned in the attached advertisement. Kindly note that the last date for the submission of application is October 15, 2024.  The scholarship is only for undergraduate students of Batch 2024. A delegation from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) visited FAST NUCES Lahore on March 26, 2024. Mr. Yoichi Kogure (Deputy Team Leader, ICT Industrial Collaboration) led his team in briefing the host team about the project while Mr. Hiroshi Jogasaki (Technical Adviser on ICT industry development in Pakistan) and Mr. Hisashi Ogiso (Founder & CEO, Strategy & Design Labo. Inc) talked about different aspects of the project. The exchange of … International Students Enrollment in MS Applied Linguistics Degree Program. Another milestone achieved! Students from Azerbaijan University of Languages are enrolled in Computational Linguistics course of MS Applied Linguistics Degree program in Spring'24. The course is conducted by Dr Aamir Wali, HoD Al & DS, and Ms Javeria Naeem. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz Director Campus Lahore welcomed the first session and highlighted the importance of Computational L:inguistics. The initiative is a part … As a part of International Research Collaboration, Dr Summaira Sarfraz visited Azerbaijan University of Languages, Baku and conducted research seminars on Corpus Linguistics, Translation Studies, Research Methodology in Applied Linguistics and faculty development workshops. During her weeklong stay at Azerbaijan University of Languages Dr Summaira also visited Pakistan Center, Phonology and PhoneticsCenter and interacted with the students. The visit was concluded with the final meeting with ADU Rector Mr Kamal … Self-Assessment visit of the BS-Data Science program was held on 27th December 2023. Dr. Aamir Wali (Professor), Dr. Maryam Bashir (Assistant Professor) and Dr. Mirza Mubasher Baig (Assistant Professor) FAST School of Computing were program team members. Dr Muhammad Shoaib Farooq, Professor & Chairperson, Department of Artificial Intelligence, School of Systems and Technology, UMT, Lahore was invited as external evaluator. Dr. Zeeshan Ali Rana, Assistant Professor, Department of Software Engineering, NUCES, Lahore was an internal evaluator. In … We are pleased to announce that Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as the new Director of FAST NUCES, Lahore making history as the first female director of Lahore Campus. Dr. Summaira joined Lahore Campus in June 1996. She completed her PhD degree in November 2013. She remained the HoD of Sciences and Humanities for two terms. She is currently serving as Dean Sciences and Humanities. Ever since her joining … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with Haji Aziz Foundation on December 05, 2023 to establish a scholarship program and provide financial assistance to deserving students. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director Lahore Campus welcomed the distinguished guest Mr. Umair Majeed (CEO) Datics AI along with his team and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects and supporting underprivileged students. This MoU aims to support/finance … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with DS Group of Companies to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with hands-on experience through the latest technologies. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director Campus, and Dr. Saima Zafar, Head of Electrical Engineering Department welcomed the distinguished guest Mr. Zain Ul Abedin (COO) along with his team and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to … Self-Assessment visit of MS and PhD Computer Science programs was held on 07th November 2023. Dr. Kashif Zafar (Professor) and Dr. Zareen Alamgir (Associate Professor), Department of Computer Science were program team members. Dr. Rehan Hafiz (Professor, Department of Computer and Software Engineering ITU, Lahore) was invited as external evaluator. Dr. Ali Afzal Malik (Assistant Professor, Department of Software Engineering, FAST NUCES Lahore) was internal evaluator. In the start, a … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with Kashf Foundation to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with hands-on experience through the latest technologies. Dr Hammad Naveed, Director Campus, and Dr. Kashif Zafar, Head of School of Computing welcomed the distinguished guest Mr. Faisal Malik along with his team and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to internships, supporting youth particularly … We are pleased to formally announce that the National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES), Lahore Campus has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Innova Labs and Diagnostics, 882-C, Faisal Town Lahore for 30% lab test discounts for its Faculty, Staff, and Students. To avail the discount, simply present a valid university ID card at INNOVA Labs' counter. FAST National University, Lahore partnered with Programmers Force to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Syed Waqar Ahmed Bukhari Director HR, Programmers Force along with his team visited FAST NUCES Lahore and discussed different aspects of collaboration with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. The discussion focused on setting up a training lab called "PF Technology Training Lab" equipped with MacBooks for training and … FAST National University, Lahore Campus signed an MoU with Ebryx Pvt. Ltd. to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Ibrar Ahmed (Director HR, Ebryx Pvt. Ltd.) and his team briefed Dr. Hammad Naveed (Director FAST National University Lahore Campus) over the projects and initiative they are interested to undertake with FAST-NU. Dr. Hammad Naveed and Dr. Kashif Zafar (Professor and Head, School of Computing) … MBA FYP at FAST School of Management, Lahore won the second place in pitching competition with a funding of PKR 0.5 Million. ‘Green HR Solution,’ a startup business that provides sustainable human resources solutions to businesses, won second place in the Prime Minister Innovation Fund. The position came with the funding of Rs. 0.5 million to this new startup. Green HR Solution was founded by our MBA student Ms Alishba … QEC FAST National University, Lahore conducted the Self-Assessment Visit of MS - Business Analytics Program on 10th August 2023. Dr. Ussama Yaqub, Assistant Professor, Suleman Dawood School of Business, LUMS, Lahore was invited as an external evaluator. Dr. Aamir Wali, Associate Professor and HoD Department of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science, FAST Lahore was internal evaluator. Assessment Team presented their findings in exit meeting to Director Campus Dr. Hammad Naveed, … IEEE Nuces extraordinary moment of triumph and technological breakthrough! Excited and humbled to announce that Our students have secured the Guinness World Record for crafting the smallest humanoid robot, pushing the boundaries of innovation to new heights!This remarkable achievement would not have been possible without the invaluable support and inspiration from the incredible minds at the IEEE NUCES Society, whose guidance and expertise paved the way for this groundbreaking endeavor. … Dr. Eike Post Preischaft and Muhammad Fahad Javed (NUCES, Alum), co-founders Psychometrica visited FAST NUCES Lahore Campus on July 11, 2023. They discussed different avenues of collaboration to create employment opportunities and knowledge sharing, research partnerships leading to long lasting partnership between both the organizations. Learning about history can be a great deal of fun and knowledge of history produces better citizens, in so many ways. So Quality Enhancement Cell, FAST-NUCES Lahore planned a cultural walking tour for faculty, through the hustle and bustle of Androon Lahore to explore historical places together. The intention of this tour was to enhance cross departmental bonding and team building. National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences signs International Research Collaboration Agreement with Azerbaijan University of Languages for its MS in Applied Linguistics Degree Program. Azerbaijan University of Languages is one of the leading universities in Azerbaijan especially in the fields of Linguistics, Journalism, Regional studies, and international relations. It offers research focused graduate programs. The University has the Urdu language center and conducts regular activities for the students. Both universities agree to establish research collaboration in the areas of … The Department of Electrical Engineering of FAST NU Lahore campus supported the recruitment drive of 10XEngineers who work with fabless companies designing SoCs for Data centers, 5G, AI & Deep Learning applications. The department has industrial linkages with 10XEngineers. The department provided 10xEngineers with the venue, facilities, and support to conduct a technical assessment for multiple open positions in hardware design and verification, compiler development and image processing algorithm and … National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences signs International Research Collaboration Agreement with  Minsk State Linguistic University, Belarus for its MS in Applied Linguistics Degree Program. Minsk State Linguistic University, Belarus is one of the top public universities of Belarus with its major focus on teaching foreign languages and provide instruction in 18 different languages, including English, German, French, and Spanish. The university has the Urdu language center with aims … Mr. Faisal Malik CTO Kashf Foundation visited FAST NUCES Lahore Campus on June 21, 2023. He discussed different avenues of collaboration to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with the hands-on experience through the latest technologies. Dr. Kashif Zafar, Head of School of Computing welcomed the distinguished guest and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to internships, supporting youth particularly females fostering a strong … Dr. Summaira Sarfraz Professor, Dean Faculty of Sciences and Humanities participated in the VI International Conference “Heydar Aliyev: Ideology of Multiculturalism and Tolerance”, dedicated to the 100 th birth anniversary of the National Leader of Azerbaijan Heydar Aliyev , held on June 14, 2023. She gave presentation on Content Analysis of Single National Curriculum of English Course Using Dimensions of Multicultural Education in Pakistani Context. In her talk she highlighted that the education system … Mr. Steven Rynecki, Director of Climate & Sustainable Growth at the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) visited FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus on June 22, 2023. Dr. Hammad Naveed Director of FAST NUCES Lahore Campus, along with faculty members and senior industry representatives were invited to participate in an informal and fruitful discussion with Mr. Ryneck. The discussion focused on the intricate relationship between economic growth, sustainability, and the challenges … Career Services Office, FAST-NUCES, is honored to have Masooma Zeeshan (CEO Game Train) who joined us on June 15, 2023 for an awareness session on Game Development Bootcamp to be held soon at FAST-NUCES Lahore. She shared Game Train's story with the game enthusiasts sparking a flame of excitement for their future endeavor in Game Development/Design. On 16th June, 2023, the final year students of Electrical Engineering showcased their exceptional Final Year Projects for evaluation. It was a remarkable display of talent and innovation. The projects spanned across a wide range of domains within Electrical Engineering, incorporating cutting-edge technologies like the Internet of Things, Computer Vision, Power Systems, Machine and Deep Learning, Renewable Energy, Communication Systems, IC Design, and much more. The students poured their hearts … The 142nd Selection Board Meeting took place on June 13, 2023 (Tuesday) at the Lahore campus, with the aim of recruiting highly skilled faculty members. Dr. Aftab Ahmad Maroof, Rector of FAST-NUCES, chaired the meeting. Mr. Arshad Nasar, a member of the Board of Governors, along with the Campus Director (Dr Hammad Naveed), Heads of Departments (HODs), and Subject Experts, attended the meeting. The Registrar of the University attended the … FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited LAAM for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on June 12, 2023. The representatives held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited SolitonTechnologies for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on June 12, 2023. The representatives held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science and Software Engineering students. Participating in the AI Tech verse competition at NUST was a fantastic opportunity for me to showcase my knowledge and skills in the field of Artificial Intelligence. I was thrilled when my university sponsored me for the competition, and I eagerly prepared my idea for presentation. On the day of the competition, I arrived at NUST and was greeted with a warm welcome by the organizers. The competition was well-organized, … We are thrilled to announce that a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) has been signed between FAST-NUCES Lahore and IGDA-Pakistan(International Game Developers Association) to foster collaboration in the gaming industry. We were honored to have Mr. Ali Ihsan(Chairman of IGDA Pakistan, CEO of FRAG Games, Vice Chairman PASHA) and Dr. Hammad Naveed(Director of FAST-NUCES Lahore), as guests at the signing ceremony. Both parties are excited about the possibilities that this partnership … The IPE (Institutional Performance Evaluation) visit at FAST–NUCES Lahore Campus was conducted from 13 th to 15 th February 2023, based on Eleven Standards defined by Higher Education Commission (HEC) of Pakistan. This visit has been conducted in compliance with the annual HEC requirement for rating the institution by external evaluators. Ms. Mehr Jabeen Agha, Director QEC, University of Central Punjab, Lahore and Prof. Dr. Muhammad Arfan Jaffar, Dean CS … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES), Lahore Campus has signed an MoU with Niazi Hospital, Lahore for availing of OPD discount offers. 30% cash discount in OPD procedures & Lab tests for EMPLOYEES with their dependents (Parents, spouse, children) & 20% cash discount in OPD procedures & Lab tests for STUDENTS with their parents & siblings. Dr. Hammad Naveed (Director NUCES-FAST Lahore Campus) & Mr. Mubashir Ali (Corporate Manager, Niazi … A team from Innovative Research University (IRU) visited FAST NUCES. Dr. Amir Mahmood (Dean, School of Business, Western Sydney University ) and Ms. Sabeeh Qayoom (Country Director, IRU) had a meeting with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed and HoDs to discuss possible research collaborations in different areas, like joint supervision of students and exchange programs for students and faculty. An MoU was signed between National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES), Lahore and Alkhidmat Foundation Pakistan to promote academia industry linkages and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Rana Usman Wadood (General Secretary, Alkhidmat Foundation Central Punjab) and Dr. Hammad Naveed (Director NUCES-FAST Lahore Campus) discussed various aspects of cooperation to facilitate deprived and needy students passed from Alkhidmat Multiple Programs for financial assistance/scholarships. National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES), Lahore Campus partnered with DirAction Pvt. Limited to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Nabeel A Qadeer, CEO DirAction visited his alma mater and discussed the agenda with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. Dr. Hammad Naveed director FAST NUCES Lahore and Ms. Aqsa Sarfraz Manager Student Affairs is meeting with IGDA Chairman (Pakistan) Mr. Ali Ihsan to give better game development opportunities to students. Educative, Inc. partners with FAST-NUCES to provide international learning resources for their faculty development program. The two organisations have come together to address the growing demand of computer science skills in the Pakistani market by providing teachers access to the latest resources. "The partnership is helping us up skill our faculty members with the latest technologies. This is helping both in the personal development and professional development of the faculty … WE CARE To help the female students in feminine health and Hygiene Solutions, FAST NUCES joins hands with WONDER WOMEN and signs the MOU to provide health facilities to the female community on campus . As a part of the initiative ,the vending machine with specific female products is installed in the girls restroom. The initiative is a step in our resolve to provide all possible resources to our female … The evolution of games is now an essential option for careers within the twenty-first century. NUCES-FAST Lahore organized a Round Table Discussion where eminent experts from the gaming industry of Pakistan participated and provided valuable feedback on the future of gaming industry. Dr. Aftab Maroof, Rector, NUCES-FAST welcomed the guests and appreciated their time and input. "A team from Innovative Research Universities (IRU) visited NUCES-FAST, Lahore to develop strong research based linkages for IRU members universities. Dr. Omar Mubin, Associate Dean - Graduate Studies, School of Computer, Data & Mathematical Sciences, discussed different avenues of possible collaborations with NUCES-FAST, Lahore. National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES-FAST) Lahore and ArhamSoft Pvt Limited signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to promote joint Educational & Career Development to help students secure their future by imparting them with hands-on tools to make them employable and market ready. To this end ArhamSoft will conduct a bootcamp to train students on MERN Stack technologies at NUCES-FAST, Lahore. It gives us immense pleasure to announce that Swvl and NUCES-FAST Lahore have entered an agreement to provide dedicated services to the students of the university. We would like to express our gratitude to Swvl and look forward to a positive response from the students. Bookme.pk has joined NUCES-FAST Lahore as the official booking partner. The company shall be handling the ticketing and playing their role as we ensure this new service for our students/employee. MoU Signing Ceremony between FAST NUCES Lahore and Game Train! FAST NUCES Lahore and Game Train joined hands to build better game development opportunities for youth in Pakistan. The Stacks Pakistan FAST Capter held an online hackathon from 4-6 February, 2022. The team managed all the work from a lab on-campus. The event, Hack4Impact 3, was aimed at blockchain development and comprised of internal as well as external participants. MoU Signing Ceremony between FAST NUCES Lahore and Infinite ScaleUp, to promote academia industry linkages in the areas of training programs, short courses for professionals, undergraduate and graduate final year students of NUCES-FAST and other areas of mutual interest. Recently, Character Building Society organized an interactive and engaging session on "Governmental Facilitation For Emerging Entrepreneurs". The enlightening talk was given by none other than Omer Farooq Khan, Enforcement Officer to Commissioner Punjab Revenue Authority. The discussion centered around the correlation between sales tax on services and the thrilled audience was inspired to learn more about topics that are rarely discussed in seminars. FAST School of Computing is inviting applications for the faculty position  at all ranks as per guidelines of HEC.     Professor /Associate Professor /Assistant Professor PhD in the following or related areas:  Theoretical Computer Science, Software Engineering,  Human Computer Interaction, Information Security,  Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, Cloud Computing,  Image Processing, Game Development, etc.,  Teaching experience in: Object Oriented Programming,  Algorithms, Data Structures, Database Systems,  Operating Systems,  Distributed Computing, Computer Organization, … MoU signing between FAST-NUCES Lahore and Mindstorm Studios to promote industry-academia linkage on 29th September. JOB DESCRIPTION -Ensure implementation of Daycare policies & procedures. -Plan and implement activities to meet the physical, emotional, intellectual and social needs of the children. -Clearly and effectively communicate in a manner that children understand. -Maintain a safe and healthy environment. -Interact with the parents regarding all sorts of feedback and handling complaints. -Improving child behaviour. -Emergency medical procedures.   ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA -Atleast 2 years of experience in relevant field … Due to the prevalent situation of COVID-19, all trips are cancelled. BS ROBOTICS: A perfect program covers the methods used in designing robots and intelligent machines that operate in the natural environment with no (or little) human supervision. BS IOT: There are many reasons to launch a program in IOT including emergence of new technologies for sensing environments, human health awareness, smart technologies, cloud computing and development of small computer boards as enabling technologies to realize the infrastructure, and coming together … Business Analytics has emerged as a promising field, with an increasing level of digitization. Business analytics blends knowledge from Computer Sciences, Business and Statistics. It can be described as seeking business problem solutions using data analytics tools. The application of business analytics ranges from strategic to operational levels in the organizations. The increase in computing power and sophistication in data analytics provided by machine learning and artificial intelligence has given a boost … Kudos to FAST School of Management Students on securing second position in Pakistan's first data visualization competition - Infinity 21, organized by Peach Learning. Ms. Fatima Omer, has successfully defended her doctoral thesis in Management and HR. The title of her thesis is “Aligning Employees’ Preferences with Organizational Objectives”. Ms. Omer started her PhD under the supervision of Dr. Hamid Hassan. She has published a research paper in the international journal of “Review of International Business and Strategy”. Her published research work can be accessed here: https://doi.org/10.1108/RIBS-11-2017-0102. She is also involved as permanent faculty … Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department. She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language skills. CONGRATULATION ! Team (BBA-FAST SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT) for securing 2nd position in the final round of Unilever Talent Hunt 2020 (#UTH2020) from a total of 390 teams across Pakistan!! We are proud of you, keep the good work up ! Congratulations & Well Done ! Mr. Haseeb Saeed & Muhammad Shaharyar, for making us proud, keep the winning tradition alive!It gives us immense pleasure that our Computer Science students have secured 2nd position in the "Rookie Game Jam, 2020 competition organized by Mindstorm Studios.Over 700 participants all over Pakistan had applied for the program and only 40 students were able to complete the program. The program was offered in September-October … We are pleased to announce that Mr. Malik Zeeshan of BBA 2016 has been selected as Country Ambassador of Youth Opportunities from hundreds of applicants representing Pakistan. We congratulate him on his appointment and wish him good luck with this role. Spring 2021, MBA,MS & PhD Admissions are now open at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Last Date to Apply is December 31, 2020 To Apply Now Online, click: http://bit.ly/FASTNUApplyNow For more details, email at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk or call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 A prestigious FAST Ph.D. fellowship recipient Mr. Syed Shujaat Ali Shah has successfully defended his doctoral thesis. The title of his thesis is “The Influence of Corporate Social Responsibility and Perceived Firm Innovativeness on Customer Loyalty”. Mr. Shah started his Ph.D. program back in 2017 under the supervision of Dr. Zia Khan. During his Ph.D. journey, he has published a research paper in the International Journal of Bank Marketing (IJBM) … FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus visited National Highways and Motorway Police (NHMP) Training College Sheikhupura on 24 September 2020.   The FAST-NUCES representatives were briefed about the history and objectives of NHMP Training College. Very thoughtful discussions were made on the future course of action for mutual collaboration and support. FAST NUCES Lahore Organized Tree Plantation Activity on its campus on 21st August 2020 under the supervision of Dr. Hamid Hassan (Director Campus) and Dr. Amjad Hussain. Senior faculty members participated, in the activity of making Pakistan Green by planting few varieties of citrus fruit plants around the campus. The purpose of this activity was to create awareness and a sense of responsibility towards the betterment of society.   There … The Declaration of Selected/Test Qualified Candidates for MBA / MS (all disciplines) have been announced for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results.   For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk The Second Merit for BBA / BS programs have been announced  for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results.   For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk The Merit for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS have been announced for Admissions Fall 2020. Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results.   For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk FAST University’s NUCES ACM Lahore Chapter has for the 2nd time won the coveted international excellence award for “Outstanding Chapter Activities”. The ACM Student Chapter Excellence Awards are held every year in spring and recognize chapters that display considerable initiative during the year relating to their Activities, Recruitment, Website, Community Service, and School Service. The Outstanding Chapter Activities Award is given to chapters that sponsor a series of exceptional activities … The Department of Computer Science, National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (FAST-NUCES), Lahore campus invites applications for faculty positions at the ranks of Professor, Associate Professor, Assistant Professor, Lecturer, and Instructor. All faculty positions are offered in accordance with HEC faculty appointment criteria. Candidates with exceptional academic/professional profiles and a passion for teaching/research should send their latest CV and soft copies of their academic documents (transcripts, degrees, certificates, etc.) … A team of students from Batch '17 FAST-NUCES, Lahore has taken an initiative to provide the analysis of the situation in Pakistan during the COVID-19 epidemic. https://www.corona92.com/ is a student-led initiative that aims to provide statistical analysis on the outbreak of the raging COVID-19 in the country, through live data capture. They're constantly striving to attain newer and the most effective strategies for preventing it from spreading any further. The … With profound sorrow, we announce the sad demise of Dr. Rafique Ahmad (Member of Board of Governors of FAST, Member of Board of Trustees of University & Vice Chairman Nazaria-i-Pakistan Trust) on March 25, 2020. The University extends condolences to his family. May Allah grant eternal peace to the departed soul and fortitude to his family to bear the irreparable loss, Ameen. Muhammad Badar-ud-din (CS Student of Batch 16) has been declared one of the winners of IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan. Badar has been declared 7th in the overall competition and is the only FASTian to have won the challenge. The IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan is a new initiative designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan. The competition is designed to inspire innovation … This is to announce that Job Fair 2020 has been postponed until further notice, on account of the recent COVID-19 outbreak across the country. The new date for the event will be announced soon. In the midst of all the fear and chaos surrounding us, we want you to know that the sun will shine again and we shall rise again. With patience and optimism, there is NO hardship we … As per the directives of Govt. Lahore Campus will remain closed till 5th April 2020 for Students, Faculty & Staff. The University has planned to conduct classes online. For which, you will receive an email from your HoD office containing all the details soon. Students are requested to regularly check their university email for updates. It is shared with great pleasure that FSM students have won the Aspiring Professional Summits’ 2020 competition at LUMS. The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals’ Summit 2020 was held at LUMS on the 15th and 16th of February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in four academic-oriented accounting competitions. FAST School of Management, Lahore students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving the first position … Registration dates of the Spring 2020 Semester for students have been announced. All students are advised to follow registration and fee payment deadlines strictly. Spring '20, MS & Ph.D. Admissions are now open at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Last Date to Apply is December 20, 2019 For more details, email at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk or call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 Kinnaird College had hosted their annual and most prestigious business competition called Kinnaird Business Week 2019, hosted by the Kinnaird Entrepreneurial Club. There were four categories, for which FAST School of Management (Lahore) had sent four teams of the most talented and brilliant students of the university. The teams had virtually dominated the whole competition, as they became victorious in each category, by achieving the first position, and beating all … Ms. Melissa Sassi Global Head, IBM Hyper Protect Accelerator visited FAST NUCES Lahore for a guest speaker session on Silicon Valley Executive Insight: What is it like to be the head of your own global program in a big tech company within Silicon Valley? and IBM Hyper Protect Accelerator: What is it and what does it take to join a big tech accelerator? FAST NUCES Lahore had an interactive session with i2c to discuss collaborative opportunities in innovation, research and education. Faculty positions are offered in accordance with HEC criteria available at www.nu.edu.pk/nujobs/EligibilityCriteria.aspx. Part-time employment, apprenticeship, and internship is not counted as experience. Last date to Apply: October 24, 2019 (Thursday) In addition to market-compatible salary, the University offers membership of Employees provident fund, hospitalization insurance, and reimbursement of medical expenses. Only short listed applicants will be called for interview. The Groundbreaking Ceremony of New Building Block at FAST NUCES Lahore was inaugurated by the honorable guest Dr. Rafique Ahmad (Member of Board of Governors of FAST, Member of Board of Trustees of University & Vice Chairman Nazaria-i-Pakistan Trust) and Mr. Rana Ghulam Shabbir (Secretary-General FAST, Sitar-i-Imtiaz & Tamgha-e-Quaid-e-Azam) alongside Dr. Hamid Hassan (Director Campus) and faculty members Dr. Hamid Hasssan was the Chief guest at the meeting of Standing Committee on Global Standards for Industries, at Lahore Chamber of Commerce & Industry (LCCI) Lahore on 30th July 2019. He talked about profitable business management in the modern era of global challenges. The participants were comprised of LCCI Members from various Industries & businesses Dear Applicants, please note that the last date for Documents and Fee submission for Bachelors Programs at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus is 31st July 2019 (Wednesday). For more details call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 or email at Admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk Merit for MASTER PROGRAMS has been announced (NU & NAT) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Admissions Fall 2019 Visit http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/ and enter your ARN to view your results. For more details call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 or email at Admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk Merit for UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS have been announced (NU & NAT) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Admissions Fall 2019 Visit http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/ and enter your ARN to view your results. For more details call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 or email at Admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk Accelerate your growth path by joining FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Where we equip you with the right set of skills and attitude so that you land in top-notch organizations. Apply now online: http://bit.ly/FASTNUApplyNow For more information, visit FAST NUCES Lahore campus or call 042-111-128-128. Department of Computer Sciences of FAST, Lahore cordially announce that Ph.D. student Ms. Asma Naseer (09L-0992) has successfully defended her Ph.D. thesis. Dr. Asma Naseer is the fifth Ph.D. student in our CS department. Lots of congratulations and best wishes to the student and her adviser Dr. Kashif Zafar on this significant achievement. The Title of the thesis was “Scale-Invariant Features for Urdu Optical Characters Recognition”. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz (HOD Science and Humanities) presented as a keynote speaker at the National Conference on TESOL, Linguistics, and Literature (CTLL, 2019) on 20th March – 21st March 2019 organized by the Institution of Communication and Cultural Studies (ICCS) at University of Management and Technology, Lahore. The conference aimed to focus on the emerging innovative trends of language and literature in academia in the modern world and explore the … As part of our social entrepreneurship project and course deliverable, Team Shajar-e-Umeed conducted a highly interactive session with Seasoned Veterans on 14th March at Fast NU. It was great to see some of the best experts from our industry, Mr. Salim Ghauri of Netsol, Mr. Zain ul Abideen of Maro Tandoors and Mr. Umer Hussain of SweetTooth in action. Sharing of great ideas and good lively discussion made this event … Fatima Group visited NUCES-FAST Lahore as part of their E2L program and conducted a recruitment drive on February 02, 2023. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science and Masters of Business Administration MBA. Confiz visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 18, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science. Career Counseling Society organized an interactive session about Workplace Rights on February 19th, 2024 from 2:30 till 4:00 pm with Shaima K. Malik, Senior HR Manager at Conrad Labs where laws and regulations regarding workplace rights were discussed, followed by an interactive Q&A session where students clarified their doubts regarding the topic of discussion. It was a highly informative and successful session overall On January 18, 2024, the Career Counseling Society (CCS) organized a carefully planned Industry Trip to Manafa Technologies. A diverse group comprising twenty-five students from batches 20 and 21, specializing in the departments of management and computing, were selected to participate in this insightful visit. The trip served served as a valuable bridge between academia and industry, providing students with a holistic understanding of the tech sector, fostering professional connections, … A 5 days intensive workshop on AI and its application was organized by Soliton Technologies in Collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore. An overwhelming response of students was recorded in successful completion of the crash course. A 5 days intensive workshop on AI and its application was organized by Soliton Technologies in Collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore. An overwhelming response of students was recorded in successful completion of the crash course. The Solidity Cohort Boot Camp, organized by Stacks FAST chapter for Promotion of Future Computing, successfully concluded its three-week online program on 29th January 2024. This initiative aimed to educate participants, including both FAST students and external attendees, about blockchain technology, covering fundamentals and practical applications through interactive sessions on Solidity programming language and smart contract development. The exploration of future implications, including discussions on decentralized finance and non-fungible tokens … FAST Business Expo'24, organized by Fast Business Club. The event, held on 13th February 2024, aimed to promote entrepreneurship among our student community and provide a platform for showcasing their small ventures. Fast Business Expo'24 featured diverse stalls, attracting a significant number of visitors including our students & faculty members visitors. Participants showcased a wide range of businesses, from tech startups to sustainable initiatives, while networking opportunities enriched the entrepreneurial … The FAST Sports Gala'24, spanning from February 2nd to 4th, celebrated a diverse array of sports, accommodating the interests of participants from over 50 corporate entities. The event showcased competitions across 12 engaging categories, catering to a wide spectrum of athletic talents and interests. From the intensity of cricket matches to the agility demanded by futsal and the strategic finesse of chess, participants engaged in spirited contests across various disciplines. … Career Services Office, FAST-NUCES conducted a mock interview session on March 04, 2024 for its students to prepare them for the job fair and other recruiting events. It was a great way to help students prepare and boost their confidence. During the session, students had the opportunity to practice their interview skills and receive valuable feedback. The session gave them a better understanding of what to expect during real interviews … FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Kashf Foundation for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 06, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Systems Limited for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 02, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited GoSaaS for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on April 22, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company followed by an Assessment for graduating batches of Computer Science and Software Engineering students FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Innowi for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 08, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Management, Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Programmers Force for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 09, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company followed by Interviews and Assessment for the graduating batches of Management, Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited dubizzle labs for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 07, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. ASCE-NUCES arranged the womens day event on 8th March 2024. Women’s Day is a way to acknowledge and celebrate the strengths of women in our society. In order to do just that, ASCE organized an event this year consisting of a Panel Discussion with female guests that have achieved a lot. The Panelists included prominent women of the society such as Dr. Syeda Malika (Member CM Inspection Team BS20 Officer), … Director Lahore Campus Dr Summaira Sarfraz attended the monthly informal meetings of VCs/Rectors of Lahore-based universities. The initiative of the meetings to be held on rotational basis, was taken by Dr Moeed Yusaf, Rector Beaconhouse National University. The meetings aim to serve as a platform for brainstorming and highlighting areas of mutual interest. Allow us to unveil the beauty of khanpur! The crystal clear waters and the lavish green fields were a treat to the eyes! The incredible moments of enjoyment and laughter echoed through the hills, with the added fun of water sports. Be it parasailing, jetski, or just boating, the waters of khanpur served us right! Every moment of the trip was the one to be cherished forever. Career Counseling Society (CCS), in collaboration with Arbisoft, successfully organized a one-hour long webinar on November 24th. Ms. Zahra Irshad, Deputy Manager of Talent at Arbisoft, led the engaging session, attracting over 45 participants. Ms. Irshad provided valuable insights into the long and competitive recruitment process for CS, SE, and Electrical Engineering students at both bachelor's and master's levels as well as talking about the major technical and soft skills … Reflecting on FAST Literary Society's second book club as students plunge into the Kafkaesque abyss revealed in "The Trial." Picture the protagonist's unjust arrest, entangled in a labyrinth of bureaucratic chaos. The discussion transcended mere words, unravelling the absurdities of modern bureaucracy—where the pursuit of goals feels like navigating a disorienting maze. In a world where success demands traversing a web of illogical obstacles, Students peeled back layers to reveal a … NMG’s annual Mushaira was a successful event entertrainting the many students of FAST who enjoy Urdu poetry. The event started off with a few of the participants showcasing their poetry talents and after a while we were joined by our Chief Guest, Mr Wajid Ameer, a well- known Urdu poet. There were also two beautiful Ghazl performances which were thoroughly enjoyed by everyone, followed by the poetry from the rest … FPSC2023 Recap: ACM NUCES orchestrated a triumphant FAST Problem Solving Competition on November 29th, 2023, at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Under the keen eyes of the Respected HOD, Computer Science Department, Mr. Kashif Zafar, and Society Advisor Mr. Mubasher Baig, the competition witnessed an exceptional response, marking a grand return to high-stakes programming competitions at FAST Lahore Campus.Over 45 teams, comprising 100+ participants, engaged in a robust competition on the … stacksfastchapter hosted a highly successful seminar on "How Blockchain will Change the Future''; on November 30, 2023, highlighting Mr. Ahmad Manzoor, founder and CEO of Pakistan Blockchain Institute. The event aimed to educate youth on blockchain technology, discuss its future implications, and inspire careers in the field. Mr. Ahmad Manzoor engaging and interactive presentation covered core principles, applications, and the transformative potential of blockchain, captivating a diverse audience. At the … The event ‘Data science Revealed: Insights from the Experts’ by FSDS commenced at 11:30 am in the Auditorium on the November 21st, 2023 with the guest speakers Waseem Ahmad Chisti and Hamid Ali. The speakers arrived on the campus premises through Gate no. 2 and made his way to the Auditorium where he was warmly welcomed by the members of FSDS executive team. The speakers delivered a motivational and attention-grabbing … ‘From the River to the Sea, Palestine will be free’ echoed throughout the week-long Palestine Fundraising Camp organized by Fastcare in collaboration with Al Khidmat Foundation. The event garnered an overwhelming response from students, showcasing remarkable support and solidarity. Empowered by unity and dedication, this collaborative effort aims to bring hope and assistance to the cause, affirming the unwavering commitment towards a free Palestine. The SOFTEC'24 Orientation was held on November 22, 2023, at Syed Rafaqat Ali Auditorium from 12 pm to 3 pm. With 600 attendees, including esteemed guest Dr. Saira Kareem, the event successfully attracted the 23rd Batch and provided them with information about SOFTEC. The event's main highlight was President Ali Raza's speech, followed by a lively Q&A session where participants won merchandise for correct answers. Food coupons were also distributed … The event ‘Identity Quest’ by CBS in collaboration with Youth Club commenced at 02:00 pm in Syed Rafaqat Auditorium on the November 21st, 2023 with the guest speaker, President of Youth Club, Raja Zia-Ul-Haq. Members of the Youth Club arrived before the event and an information desk was set up outside cafeteria. The speaker arrived on the campus premises through Gate no. 2 and was presented with a bouquet of … The Welcome event of FAST NUCES Lahore was impeccably organized by FAST CREATIVE SOCIETY. It was held on October 20, 2023, and brought together students, faculty, and staff to warmly welcome the 23rd batch. Faizan Mir Photography served as the media partner, capturing memorable moments throughout the event. The two major highlights of the event were FMS’s performance and an open mic, which was specially arranged to gauge active participation … Batch 23's journey of discovery at Katas Raj Temple on November 5, 2023, was a tapestry of rich history, enchanting lake, and stunning landscapes that left us in awe. The ideal weather enhanced the experience, and the delicious, abundant food was the perfect complement to our day at Katas Raj Temple. Already counting down the days to our next adventure! Reflecting on a captivating Iqbal Day event By FAST Literary Society! Grateful to Qaiser Ahmed Raja for an insightful exploration of Allama Iqbal’s wisdom. The book exhibition and engaging sessions truly immersed us in the legacy of this visionary poet. As we bid adieu this year, let’s carry forward the flame of Iqbal’s vision! Career Counseling Society arranged an ice-breaking session between the students and representatives from Programmers Force. The purpose of this session was to discuss the benefits and future opportunities that the PF technology training lab will provide the students with upon its inauguration. The session was interactive. The representatives not only explained the purpose of the lab, but also asked the students about their expectations and questions related to it. The … The IntraFAST sports event, spanning from October 9th to 15th, showcased a thrilling array of competitions. Cricket enthusiasts gathered at the Al-Bilal Cricket ground, witnessing Team Staff's outstanding performance as they clinched the gold medal. Futsal action took place at Volta Football, where Komedy Kings emerged as victorious contenders. The spirited Volleyball tournament, also hosted at Volta, saw Team Karasuno High claiming the gold. Throwball competitions unfolded at Park and … Hiroyuki Shino, Manager, Global Business Dept. Head of Pakistan Japan Center AI Engineer from PLUS W Inc. visits FAST National University to discuss different avenues related to internships and job opportunities. He also encouraged youth to learn Japanese language! The GDSC FAST Lahore Megamind Tech Expo was a resounding success, held on October 25, 2023. The event featured a captivating mix of quizzes, engaging speaker sessions, exciting swags, and exhilarating fun activities. Attendees were captivated by the insights shared by esteemed speakers, including Ehmad Zubair, CEO of Cogent Labs, who delved into the ''5 Habits of Exceptional Software Engineers'' and Taimoor Ali, COO of Bookme.pk, who offered valuable guidance … An introductory session was organized by the HR Department to familiarize students with the Punjab Educational Endowment Fund (PEEF). PEEF officials shed light on the scholarship procedures and their pivotal role in bridging educational gaps. Mr. Usman Islam shared a remarkable achievement that the PEEF has awarded over 900+ scholarships to FAST students from 2009 to 2023. This signifies PEEF's enduring commitment to empowering students. Mr. Nasir Tufail, Head of … Prof Dr Saima Zafar, Head of Department, Electrical Engineering, FAST NU Lahore was invited to the Two Days 4th Consultative Workshop on "Gender Equality in Higher Education Leadership and Decision-Making" held on October 26-27, 2023 at Faletti's Hotel Lahore. Dr. Saima Zafar represented FAST NU in the conference that was organized by Quaid-e-Azam University and University of Gloucestershire in collaboration with the British Council. The chief guest of the opening ceremony, Prof Dr … FAST Lahore's first book club was hosted by FAST literary Society . Enthralled by the ethereal narrative of 'Peer e Kamil' by Umera Ahmed, transported us to a realm of spiritual awakening and human complexities. The palpable excitement filled the room as students passionately dissected Imama's and Salaar's spiritual journeys and dilemmas, drawing parallels to their own lives. They were entranced by the tale's philosophical nuances, exchanging heartfelt insights and … Elevating our Web Development game! What an incredible day it was at FAST NUCES as the ACM NUCES Chapter teamed up with the tech gurus at Appalo Inc. for the "Website Kese Banaun?" Workshop! Our dynamic speakers, Mr. Awab Sabir (CTO, Appalo Inc.) and Mr. Arbab Sabir (Senior Web Developer, Appalo Inc.), shared their expertise, leaving the audience on the edge of their seats! From the latest technological stacks to … The department of Electrical Engineering at FAST-NUCES Lahore hosted an engaging seminar on Wednesday, 25 October titled "Charting your path in the semiconductor industry: Insights & Opportunities for success." This insightful seminar, conducted by 10xEngineers, a well-known company in the semiconductor industry, provided attendees with valuable insights. The Department of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore campus organized a workshop titled: "Introduction to Data Science'' on Friday 13th Oct, 2023 for the continued professional development of the engineering faculty. The workshop was managed by Dr. Omer Saleem (PEB-CPD coordinator) and was conducted by Mr. Saif Ul Islam, Lecturer, School of Computing, FAST-NU, Lahore. The workshop focused on providing an overview of the field of data science, its significance in … The department of Electrical Engineering (FAST-NUCES Lahore) arranged an interactive seminar for the graduating students; titled “Enabling Smart Cities with Computer Vision” on 19th October 2023. This seminar was conducted by an expert educator, youtuber, entrepreneur in the field of Computer Vision and Robotics; Mr Murtaza Hassan. He is the owner of CVzone and runs one of the largest YouTube channels in the field of Computer Vision, educating over 3 … The collaborative session with Densinc, brought to you by the Fast Business Club, was a remarkable event. Students were privileged to hear from industry expert Mr. Usman Asif , CEO Devsinc. This insightful session focused on empowering students to navigate diverse backgrounds in a competitive market, providing valuable knowledge and preparing participants for future career success. Fast Business Club is committed to offering enriching experiences to its members, and this … The event ‘Breaking barriers: social entrepreneurship’ by CBS in collaboration with Al Sharq foundation commenced on 2:30 pm on the 20 th of October. With the guest speaker Syed Hussain Haider. The speaker began the session and continued to deliver a motivational and attention-grabbing speech. He highlighted the importance of social entrepreneurship and how the youth should take actions to try solving the many problems that people face in our … What an incredible and captivating session with Gabe Gabrielle! We had an absolute blast hosting him at FAST NUCES, and his expertise as a recognized Space Motivational Speaker and former NASA engineer truly shone through. His dedication to STEM education and his remarkable journey at NASA speak volumes. Thank you, Gabe, for inspiring us all to reach for the stars! Dr Summaira Sarfraz, Professor and Dean Sciences and Humanities was invited as a key Penalist at the Opening Ceremony of Literary Festival at GCU. The Penal consisted of renowned academicians Dr Tariq Rehman, Dr Ayesha Jalal, Dr Waeem Anwar and Mr Osama Adnan. The topic of the Panel discussion was How have language policies and the English language perpetuated colonial ideologies? Dr Summaira highlighted that colonialism has been transformed into … The new batch started a new journey of their lives at FAST and as always, NMG had to give them a memorable beginning. As planned, the event started at 2:30 pm and the excitement of the Batch Photo could be witnessed as the students had started gathering in the front lawn even before 2:30. The preparations with the chalk powder to make an outline of "2" and "3" was done … Expressa'23, FAST Business Club exciting event, was a resounding success with over 200 students participated in six different competitions. It served as a vibrant platform for students to enhance their business skills and was especially beneficial for the new batch, providing them with valuable experience and boosting their self-confidence. The event was a perfect blend of fun and learning, catering to students' diverse interests and skill sets. The focus was … The Shahjahan Junior Table Tennis Cup, spanning from September 21st to 26th, brought together top talents from all corners of Lahore, including esteemed alumni of FAST, former captains, and region-level players. In a stunning display of skill and determination, our very own Captain Obaid and Vice-Captain Ajar showcased their prowess by making it to the final, outperforming some of the game's finest. In a nail-biting final showdown, Obaid emerged victorious … The official series between FAST University and FCCU, featuring Badminton and Table Tennis, was held at FCCU's sports complex on September 26, 2023, from 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM. The Table Tennis male and female teams from FAST University showcased outstanding performances, completely outclassing their opponents. Table Tennis male Captain Obaid, Vice-Captain Ajar, and female Captain Haiqa were standout performers. Additionally, the Badminton female team secured a triumphant victory. In … On Tuesday, October 3rd, FAST and IAC went head-to-head in a match that ended with FAST emerging victorious with a score of 12-4. Beyond the scoreboard, the event highlighted the warm hospitality extended by IAC and the commendable performance and sportsmanship demonstrated by the FAST team. IAC's gracious hosting set a positive tone for the match, fostering a friendly and competitive atmosphere. Meanwhile, the FAST team's impressive teamwork and strategic … Stacks Fast Chapter in collaboration with Alethea AI organized a seminar on "INFT and Blockchain" on October 12, 2023, from 1:00 pm to 2:30 pm at the Old Auditorium. The event featured Ahmed Jawed, the Vice President of Engineering, as the speaker, alongside two guests from Alethea. The speaker provided captivating insights on INFTs and blockchain and also the application details of the promised internship. To conclude the event, a … A delegation of Aerodyne Group visited FAST-NUCES, Lahore Campus on Tuesday, 10th October, 2023. The team consisted of two people: Dr. Lim Eu Shawn (Chief Global Solutions Officer, Aerodyne Group) and Mr. Adnan Chaudhry who heads Aerodyne's AI team globally and is also the country head in Pakistan.Aerodyne Group provides end-end DRONE powered solutions across the globe including but not limited to inspection of critical infrastructure (Telecommunication towers, transmission and … FAST International Office in collaboration with CCS and French Embassy brought 10 well-known French Universities to FAST NUCES, Lahore. The universities in attendance had lucrative masters and scholarship opportunities for studentscurrently undertaking a bachelor’s in Computer Science, Engineering and Management Science. The is fair was not only open to the FAST NUCES, but also to students from other universities like FC, UET, UMT, UCP, and GCU. It was a successful … The SOFTEC'23 Award Ceremony, held on October 12th, 2023, at the Syed Rafaqat Ali Auditorium from 11:00 AM to 04:00 PM, was a resounding success with 300 attendees and esteemed guests, including Campus Director Dr. Hammad Naveed, Senior Manager Administration Mr. Usama Zafar, Deputy Manager Student Affairs Ms. Aqsa Sarfraz, Faculty Advisors Mr. Usama Hassan, Mr. Razi ud din, and Mr Syed Uzair Hussain Naqvi. The event fulfilled its primary … FAST Care , in collaboration with Evercare Hospital, hosted an impactful awareness session on Sleep Hygiene and Emergency Response Techniques, graced by the expertise of Dr. Ali Azhar Jawa and Dr. Shazia Asim, leaving an enduring impact on students and faculty members alike. In collaboration with Shaukat Khanum, Fastcare organized Blood Camp 23 on October 3rd, 2023. We were impressed by the students' enthusiasm and passion to assist cancer patients in their battles. Heartfelt appreciation to all the donors and volunteers for their invaluable contributions to this noble cause. Fast Literary Society eagerly embraced Armash Kamal's long-awaited copywriting seminar with anticipation! It was absolutely captivating, firing up our motivation and determination to start our copywriting journey ASAP! Armash Kamal didn't just talk about copywriting, he made it sound like a magical path to earning a respectable income with just words, and guess what? It's open to everyone, no writing experience needed! He shared his inspiring five-year journey with the … The faculty members of Department of Electrical Engineering of FAST NU Lahore campusparticipated in “Pakistan Engineering Council’s STEM Ambassadors Program” at Lahore College for Women University, Lahore, on September 26, 2023. The program aimed to strengthen the connection between higher education institutions and local schools, with the primary goal of addressing low student enrollment in Engineering programs. The program included workshops, seminars, and informative sessions, providing a platform for university’s … Quality Enhancement Cell Lahore Campus organized an orientation session for newly hired faculty members on 27th September, 2023. Ms. Hira Saleem, Deputy Manager HR (NUCES HQ) presented HR policies, Ms. Rabbia Nawaz, Manager Payroll & Compensation (NUCES HQ) presented on Teaching Workload and Existing Payroll related matters. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director Lahore Campus presented on ORIC policies. Dr. Aamir Wali, HoD – Department of AI & DS, demonstrated the usage … The Google Developer Student Clubs at FAST National University, Lahore organized an event on Wednesday, 6th September, that brought together enthusiastic individuals from diverse backgrounds. Our society, dedicated to nurturing student developers, made a special effort to welcome Freshman students through engaging ice-breaking games. It provided a platform for students to get to know one another and add to their knowledge. The esteemed speakers, Abdul Wasay and Mr. Usman Butt … Defence Day, also known as Yom-e-Difa, is a pivotal day in Pakistan's history celebrated to commemorate the successful defense against aggression in 1965. ICE society and the university jointly organized an event on September 18, 2023, to honor this day. The event commenced with a Quranic recitation and included a declamation competition in English and Urdu, allowing students to express their thoughts on Defence Day. A fun questionnaire segment added … Quality Enhancement Cell, FAST NUCES Lahore conducted Self-Assessment visit of MS & PhD Mathematics on 18th September 2023. Dr. Adil Jahangeer (Professor & HoD), Department of Mathematics, NAMAL University, Mianwali was invited as an external evaluator. Dr. Ammar Javed (Assistant Professor), FAST School of Management, Lahore was an internal evaluator. The assessment team went through the SAR, visited the department and conducted infrastructure visit. Students were interviewed in order to … On September 14, 2023, ACM NUCES organized an informative session regarding the UGRAD Semester Exchange program under the banner of ACM W. We were honored to have Javeria Nadeem, an esteemed alumna of FAST NUCES, as our guest speaker. Ms. Nadeem shared invaluable insights into the program, elucidated the application procedures, and recounted her own enriching experiences.The event drew a capacity crowd, underscoring the keen interest in this program. The … Quality Enhancement Cell, Lahore Campus organized a training session on “Email Etiquettes and Communication” on 14th September 2023 for non-teaching staff members. This session was designed to provide participants the skills and techniques necessary for managing emails professionally, and writing emails with clarity and proper structures to avoid misinterpretations and miscommunication. Training was conducted by Dr. Zahida Mansoor (Assistant Professor, S&H), Ms. Hajra Ikram (Assistant Professor, S&H) and Mr. Ali … The NUCES ACM Lahore Chapter hosted an engaging ice-breaking session for the Batch of 2023. It began with an introduction to ACM, both locally and globally, Distinguished panelists from the senior batch shared academic insights, emphasizing GPA maintenance through effective time management and diligence. They discussed internship experiences, LinkedIn optimization, and GitHub repositories. A Q&A session allowed juniors to seek advice and receive recommendation letters. As per the MOU with Punjab Police, a week long Soft Skills Training of Assistant Sub-Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors and Inspectors was conducted by the English language faculty at Lahore Campus. The training was attended by 20 Master Trainers from Punjab Police Training College Chung Lahore. The training aimed at improving the communicative competence of the trainees by refining their interpersonal and soft skills. The training consisted of soft skills orientation, group … Mr. Shahzad Ishaq, Group Head, Digital Banking MCB visited FAST National University, Lahore Campus on September 06, 2023. He discussed different avenues of collaboration to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with hands-on experience through latest technologies. Dr. Hammad Naveed , Director Lahore Campus welcomed the distinguished guest and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to innovative ideas and opportunities for fresh students as … Fast Care orchestrated a successful Book Drive event to promote knowledge sharing and unityamong students. Seniors generously contributed a diverse array of books, which were made available at a central booth for juniors to select from. The event facilitated engaging interactions, while enabling the exchange of valuable learning resources. The initiative not only supported junior students&#39; academic growth but also emphasized the culture of collaboration that defines the institution. Student societies in universities plays a vital role in shaping the experiences for students. They provide new students with opportunities to explore a wide range of interests, connect with like-minded peers, and engage in extracurricular activities beyond academics. Whether it's joining a cultural club, a sports team, an academic organization, or a volunteer group, student societies offer a platform for personal growth, skill development, and networking. Devsinc in collaboration with FAST National University successfully completed a 3-Week Training Boot Camp for CS students at FAST National University, Lahore. The training course entailed all essential resources, valuable assets, and opinion pieces about MERN stacks and its practical implications. The training camp focused on how to deliver quality training and impart the necessary skills to the students. The session was very well received, and the participants appreciated the … QEC Lahore campus organized a capacity building session on the subject "Managing Classroom in the Age of ChatGPT" on 11th August 2023 for faculty members. Session was conducted by Director QEC, Dr. Arshad Islam. The goal of the session was to provide faculty members with insightful information and useful strategies for successfully incorporating emerging technology into the classroom setting. In order to keep up with the fast changing educational scenario, … The Inter University Showdown, hosted by FAST Sports Society , showcased thrilling sportsmanship and camaraderie among university societies and faculty/staff. Featuring diverse sports like cricket, futsal, table tennis, and badminton, six teams including FAST Sports Society, Idyllic Youth Society, FAST Music Society, Softec, FAST Business Club, and FAST University faculty participated. Notable victories were secured by the FAST Business Club in cricket, FAST Sports Society in table tennis, futsal, and … QEC Lahore Campus organized a guest speaker session with Adeel Hashmi for faculty members on topic “Empowering the Educators”. Agenda of the session was: What exactly do we mean by 'Education'? Moral values in education. Education or Knowledge? Which one to acquire? And why? Responsibilities and challenges of today's teachers. Session was organized on 11th August 2023. It was a great learning session, and the audience gained valuable knowledge. The "Marketing with AI Tools" boot camp, a collaborative effort between PNY Trainings and the FAST Business Club, concluded successfully, leaving a trail of satisfaction among FAST National University, Lahore students. Over the course of a month, this intensive program provided invaluable insights into the world of marketing enhanced by artificial intelligence. On this day in 1947, we achieved our independence from British rule. It is a day to celebrate our freedom and sovereignty, and to reflect on the sacrifices that were made to make this day possible. Today, we hoist the flag with pride and celebrate our nation's diversity. We are a country of many cultures and languages, but we are united by our love for Pakistan. Let us come together … The Farewell event of FAST NUCES Lahore at Faletti’s Hotel was impeccably organized by Creative Society. It was held on June 13th, 2023, and brought together students, faculty, and staff to bid a heartfelt goodbye to the graduating batch. Faizan Mir Photography served as the media partner, capturing memorable moments throughout the event. The evening began with a warm welcome from the hosts, who expressed gratitude and excitement, setting an … RUNG 1.0, a highly successful event held on the 16th and 17th of June, offered a diverse range of modules that catered to various interests.    The music module showcased talented musicians, both solo acts and bands, captivating the audience with their melodic performances.  The drama module presented thought-provoking plays and monologues, showcasing the participants' acting prowess.  In the media module, attendees were treated to visually stunning short films, vlogs, … The FAST Sports Gala'23 was a resounding success, bringing together participants from 52 corporate companies and showcasing their sportsmanship and competitive spirit.  The event was made possible with the support of various sponsors, including Confiz, NetSol, Lumensoft Technologies (Pvt) Ltd, Forrentech, Volta Football Association, HM Photography, and Red Bull.  The organizing team of the FAST Sports Society deserves appreciation for their meticulous planning and execution, ensuring a memorable experience for … FAST NUCES, Career Services Office (CSO) organized an on-campus networking session (Coffee Hour) with our alumni of Civil and Electrical Engineering departments that was chaired by the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. He applauded their achievements and impact they’ve made in their respective fields.   The meeting allowed them to share their experiences being a FASTian, receive updates on the developments campus has made and share their valuable feedback from … The Blockchain Cohort - Solidity Learning Program held from 24th March to 30th April, was a comprehensive educational initiative aimed at equipping students with the necessary skills and knowledge to develop decentralized applications (DApps) using Solidity, a programming language for smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. To enhance the learning experience and provide participants with real-world insights, the program invited industry experts and guest speakers from the blockchain community. The … SOFTEC is the annual, largest and most prestigious technology event held, every year since 1995, in Lahore, Pakistan, that brings together technology enthusiasts from around the country.   The 27th edition of SOFTEC held on May 5th to 7th at the FAST NUCES LAHORE. The event showcased breakthroughs in science and technology, generating more opportunities with each passing year. Data science technologies have the potential to offer us valid tools to assist us in addressing environmental concerns in novel and effective ways. On 27 th April 2023, a national symposium on eco-intelligence (with four technical sessions) was successfully conducted which a theme of how computational methods, GIS/ remote-sensing, and artificial intelligence can manage environmental sustainability and environmental issues such as climate change, energy/water crises, sustainable agriculture/ biodiversity, prediction of … Team SOFTEC organized an ambassador meetup on 27th April, from 3 to 5 pm. The meetup was a highly successful and productive event. The meetup brought together ambassadors from different universities to discuss ways to collaborate and promote cross-cultural understanding. The attendees shared their experiences, challenges, and success stories in their respective fields, which led to insightful discussions and the exchange of ideas. During the meetup, the participants identified various … The Softec Oath Taking Ceremony was held at Syed Rafaqat New Auditorium on Wednesday 26th April, 2023. The event was a great success, with a large number of students taking oath to conduct the event and competitions. The role of events like Softec in promoting these values and creating a culture of excellence among students and professionals were highlighted.The oath taking ceremony was conducted by the President of the Softec … Team Book Fair and GDSC FAST NU Lahore recently organized a Seminar featuring the amazing Shafiqa Iqbal and it was a huge success! Shafiqa Iqbal, a well-known Big Data Engineer at Google, delivered an insightful keynote address, providing valuable insights and perspectives on how Pakistanis can reach Tech Giants like MAANG . Her engaging delivery captivated the audience and kept them engaged throughout the seminar. The event drew in a diverse … The Fastians had been longing for entertainment as everyone has had a tightly packed schedule with nothing much to do for leisure. And nothing comes at par with competitive sports. Thus the FAST Sports Society engaged the students, on their very demand in a late night cricket and futsal shootout. The Tournament was held on 18th April, after Iftar, from 7pm to 3am at Arena 360, Johar Town. There were … FAST Care conducted a Ration Drive during Ramadan of 2023 in order to assist the custodial staff of our university. We collected donations from students, faculty members and all those willing to donate and were able to collect near around PKR 257k in total. With this donation, we provided ration packages to 91 staff members. The distribution took place on 12th of April, 2023 from 10:00 AM to 04:30 PM.  … Consequent upon selection of Final Year Design Projects for financing by Pakistan Engineering Council (PEC), a team, comprising three PEC representatives visited National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore Campus on April 5th,2023 for award of cheque to groups. The team of PEC was composed of Engr. Mir Masood Rashid (CONVENER, PPDC), Engr. Jawwad Haider Gillani (Member Governing Body, PEC) and Engr. Syed Ahmed Waqas (Assistant Registrar, PEC RO, … The Intra Fast Programming Competition was held on April 4th, 2023, at our institution. The event was organized with the aim of providing a platform for young programmers to showcase their skills and compete against each other. The competition had a total of 47 participating teams of 2 to 3 members each from both the senior and junior wings. Four labs were booked to accommodate all teams. During the event, … Dr. Komal Kamran (Asst. Professor) from FAST School of Management organized a guest lecture for the students of MS - Business Analytics on the topic of "Data-Driven Decision Making at Uber". The speaker, Ms. Miriam Mehdi, an industry expert and alumnus of FAST NUCES, shared her extensive experience and expertise in data analytics and decision making at Uber. Real-world examples and case studies were discussed, providing a clear understanding of … Idyllic Youth FAST - NUCES had arranged an event of Welcome Ramadan to embrace the month of Ramadan with open hearts along with Nighat Hashmi's and Mushtaq Ahmad’s guidance. The basic purpose for arranging such an event was to lead students to strive for spiritual growth and strengthen our connection with Allah (SWT) together. In the event, guests shared their insights and experiences on the significance of Ramadan. Also on … The IGDA Pakistan in collaboration with Game Train conducted a Unity Game Development session at FAST-NUCES, Lahore. The session aimed to provide useful insights into the hypercasual gaming industry of Pakistan. It was an informative session for students who aspire to become game developers, game designers, or pursue a career in the gaming industry. The session started with an introduction to Unity and its features. The speaker discussed the importance … The Industrial Liaison Committee of the Department of Electrical Engineering in collaboration with IEEE Nuces Lahore Student Branch, organized a seminar by DSG Energy on 10th March, 2023 on the topic "Addressing Energy Challenges and Paving the Path for a Sustainable Future in Pakistan: Opportunities for Youth". Final year students of Electrical Engineering program attended this seminar. Mr. Zain ul Abideen - COO DSG Energy, Ms. Nazifa Fatima - CMO … An awareness seminar was conducted on 28th March 2023 in collaboration with My Impact Meter In this session, MIM's Founder and CEO, Ms. Kanwal Cheema, gave a briefing on the "End Poverty in Pakistan" movement. Alongside the seminar, MIM arranged a booth in the university for two days (i.e. 27th and 28th March) to raise awareness on this topic and interact with the students of FAST Lahore. From pages to profits, the students of FAST NUCES Lahore organized the ultimate BookFair'23! With over 400+ books sold, it was a roaring success. The love for literature was in the air as the students came together for this amazing event. Cheers to a job well done!" A comprehensive understanding of the cloud, including its benefits, core concepts, and best practices all for you to take your cloud computing skills to the next level. Our speaker Sheharyar is a nomad software architect with over 12+ years of polyglot experience in a wide range of web and cloud technologies, with deep knowledge of real-time, fault- tolerant, and distributed systems. He has authored and contributed to multiple famous open-source … FAST-NUCES’s esteemed Faculty members including Dr. Sumaira Sarfraz (Dean of Sciences and Humanities). Dr. Zahida Mansoor and Ms. Sarah Asif were invited by Zulfikar Ali Bader and Muhammad Baleegh-ur-Rehman- Governor of Punjab to celebrate International Women’s Day at the Governor House, Lahore. It was a pleasure celebrating the International Women’s Day with all the inspiring women in their reign of professionalism. In particular, having met the first female secretary of … Career Services Office, FAST-NUCES, organized a Guest Speaker Session on March 03, 2023. Mr. Gul Qadeer Khan, an alum of FAST-NUCES Lahore MS Batch 2001, talked about Brain Drain Challenges in today’s economy and Future of IT growth in Post COVID world. He is the President and CEO of GS Technologies located in Sacramento, California. Dr. Hajra visited FAST NUCES Lahore campus and conducted a session on “Using Deep Learning in the Early Prediction of At-Risk Learners in Self-Paced Online Education” and share her insights on how to explore the research landscape to deliver a comprehensive understanding of the multidisciplinary field’s activities. She received her BS Computer Science and MS Computer Science degree from Lahore College for Women University (LCWU), Lahore. Waheed Iqbal visited FAST NUCES lahore on 17th February and conducted a session on Predictive Auto-scaling of Multi-tier Applications Using Performance Varying Cloud Resources. He recieved a Ph.D. degree from the Asian Institute of Technology (AIT), Thailand, in 2012, currently working as a Tenured Associate Professor with the Department of Data Science, University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan. Mr. Haseeb Alam Khan, Divisional Manager Pakistan State Oil Company visited FAST NUCES Lahore campus and give his valuable knowledge on challenges in corporate world to final year students. The Youth Club Event "Revelations of Radiant Righteousness" was held on March 2, 2023, to promote the values of righteousness and moral uprightness among the youth. The event featured keynote speeches and breakout sessions by experienced professionals in the field of moral education and spiritual development. Our esteemed speakers were Muhammad Ali bhai & Mugheerah Luqman bhai from Youth CLub while Arsalan Ahmed Bhai CEO Naseeha institute. The event was … CCS under the umbrella of student affairs was thrilled to welcome the bright minds of Atchison College's 8th class to our University, FAST-NUCES today. Our Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed, provided them with a comprehensive overview of our academic programs and campus life, while, Dr. Haroon, ignited their curiosity with an insightful presentation on Computer Science. The students had the opportunity to ask questions and engage in discussions, making it an … Flutter forward extended, another successful and innovative session by GDSC in collaboration with GDG lahore! This event was the perfect boost for tech minds needed. An information centered event lead by experienced individuals, Mr. Atiq Samtia and Mr. Haris Nadeem, uncovering not only the scope of flutter but also its pros. The session provided a great kickstart for anyone wanting to start or continue their journey with flutter. The Fullbright Information Session organized by the Career Counseling Society was held at 10:00am in the Library Conference Room. The session was attended by around 35 students. The guest speaker Mr. Rooman Qayyum Khan, who is a very well-qualified individual from the USEFP, gave an overview of the Fulbright Scholarship Program. He then proceeded with an informative Q&A session with interested students, where he addressed all their queries regarding various … FAST NUCES, Career Services Office (CSO) organized an on-campus networking session (Coffee Hour) with our alumni of FAST School of Management that was chaired by the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. He applauded their achievements and impact they’ve made in their respective fields.The meeting allowed them to share their experiences being a FASTian, receive updates on the developments campus has made and share their valuable feedback from the industry/market. The … Sustainable development goals are designed by United Nations as a blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for everyone. These goals are followed by many institutes to have a better future. FAST NUCES under goal number 3 (Good health and well-being) have initiated Turkey Earthquake funding drive in collaboration with Alkhidmat foundation. The department of Electrical Engineering, Lahore campus organized a CPD workshop titled: "LaTeX for everyone (from basics to writing a research document)'' at the Dept. of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore, on Friday 24-Feb-2023. The workshop was managed by Dr. Omer Saleem, PEB coordinator and was conducted by Dr. Mohsin Kamal, Assistant Professor, Dept. of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore. The workshop focused on covering the basics of LaTeX and taking the participants … Our FAST Badminton officials arranged an event FASTMINTON I, which took place from February 6-8. Talent from all over the campus attended this event. They participated in different categories according to their level of play. All the students were given a fair chance to compete as we had Team and Non-Team categories.We truly admire our management team for their efforts and wish them success in future competitions. Team Devsinc was here at FAST NUCES Lahore for an amazing session on cutting edge technologies. The guest speaker, Junaid Rehmat, is a FAST Alumni (Batch 05) with over 15 years of experience. He discussed his journey with students and also discussed the latest technologies that are being used in industry. The point he focused on was that we as software engineers must not be dependent on the technology but … It was an honor to have Ms. Samar Farooq SEO Strategist NETSOL Technologies at FAST NU. She had an amazing interactive session with the final year BBA students by sharing here insights on “From clicks to conversions: Maximizing Your Brand’s Digital Footprint.” Our sports delegation attended the GIKI Sportsfest, which took place from February 3–5. We signed up for table tennis, chess, cricket, football, and volleyball. Talent from all over the country had attended this event. In every sport, there were National Circuit players. Our teams performed to the best of their abilities, made us proud, and displayed their extraordinary talent at the highest level. We finished in second place in the … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with Programmers Force Pvt. Limited to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Syed Waqar Ahmed Bukhari Director HR, Programmers Force along with his team visited FAST-NUCES, Lahore and discussed different aspects of collaboration with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. On 14th February, a seminar on gaming industry and how to build a career in gaming development was held at Old Auditorium at 4:00PM to 5:30PM. The seminar was organized by the Career Counselling Society. The purpose of this seminar was to provide insight into the gaming industry and how students could build a career in it. We were joined by two speakers namely, Mr. Ali Ahsan, who is the … IEEE-NUCES conducted a Session by Tajir. Tajir company is the first Pakistani app based platform for retailers  and it is trusted by hundreds of local and multinational companies. This event was a session which was hosted by the CTO of Tajir company. Numerous students from multiple fields joined us and the session was wholesome. FAST CARE collaborated with AlKhidmat, a non-profit organization to collect clothing articles and donations for blankets to support the less fortunate individuals in the community. A donation desk was set up on the campus for the collection of clothes from 29th January to 2nd February 2023. A total of 120 clothing articles were collected during the event, including winter coats, jackets, sweaters, and other warm clothing items. Additionally, donations were … CCS is proud to host the CEO of Laam, Mr. Arif Iqbal, one of the most successful and inspiring figures in the industry. He gave an excellent and informative session on the importance of leaving an impact in the lives of people around you and had the audience completely engaged. As he talked about various stages of work, our guest focused more on building projects and taking ownership of one's … The measure of a true man in the Sight of Allah is not the cost of his house or the brand of his car, but rather, his determination to exhaust his capacities to draw closer to Allah. A man is, therefore, he who spends his nights in prayer fears Allah in private and in public, and does not think twice before sacrificing his wealth and his life for the sake … ArhamSoft (Pvt) Ltd. as a consortium partner of TechLift, PSEB, and PASHA in collaboration with NUCES-FAST conducted a first-ever industry-led bootcamp program for IT and non-IT graduates at FAST NUCES Lahore. The training course collected all essential resources, valuable assets, and opinion pieces about MEAN and MERN technology stacks and their practical implications. The training camp focused on how to deliver quality training and impart the necessary skills to the … “Cricket is a team game. No individual can just say he can win it on his own” Today despite the falling temperature, Faculty/ Staff vs Student Cricket tournament has set the Arena 360 at fire. It was a great match with true sportsman spirit of all teams NUCES-FAST Lahore in collaboration with OSAF welcomed 1200+ Alumni at its annual Homecoming. The event included Round table discussions with prominent CEOs, Networking, Alumni Achievement Awards, Dinner, Qawali, and concerts. Dr. Aftab Ahmed Maroof, Rector of NUCES-FAST graced the event with his presence and exchanged ideas with the Alumni. Quality Enhancement Cell of FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus organized the Bonfire Night for Team Building, Learning and Feedback Activity for faculty and staff on 12th January 2023. Activity was planned for enhancing communication, encouraging creativity, increasing productivity, developing confidence, boosting motivation and creating relationships among employees. Also for improving interactions among other departments and making a positive work environment. Apart from that a bonfire was planned for staff and faculty as … Team educative had a wonderful interaction with the workshop attendees at Fast NU. It was an informative session about the importance of technical writing in the industry. There was a quiz on the block chain and the winner received the merchandise. All the students were interested in the workshop and got the answer of their all queries۔ ICE-NUCES organized a seminar on "Introduction to reality of natural disasters; earthquakes, heavy rains etc". To speak on the topic, an eminent geotechnical engineer and research expert from Tokyo, Japan, Prof. Dr. Ikuo Towhata was invited. The esteemed guest speaker shed light on the various aspects of natural disasters, their occurrence and mitigation techniques through his firsthand experience and research. It was once in a lifetime opportunity to learn from … The International Conference on "Advances in Civil and Construction Engineering" was recently organized which was a two days' event, jointly held by NUCES-FAST Lahore and UMT Lahore. Civil Engineering department in collaboration with ICE-NUCES and ASCE-NUCES arranged and managed the day two of the conference at NUCES-FAST Lahore campus. This was one of a kind conference and probably the biggest technical event towards the end of the year in South … The Head of the electrical engineering department was invited by the Director of, the National Incubation Center Lahore (NICL) to visit the center facilities at LUMS along with faculty and students. Some faculty members and students of the electrical engineering department and school of computing Lahore campus accompanied by the Head, of the electrical engineering department visited the NICL on Friday, 9 November. The delegation was received by the Director … American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) has organized an insightful seminar on “Masters Scholarships” for the students of FAST NUCES Lahore.  Such seminars help the students get hands-on information about the scholarships.The seminar regarding Scholarships was conducted by Dr. Naveed Ahmad Saadi. A brief introduction was given about the significance of scholarships and how it can help students achieve their goals. American Society of Civil Engineers – Student Chapter held an educational trip to Super pavement labs of UET Lahore. The purpose of this trip is to educate the students of the Civil Department first-hand regarding innovating technology and working of labs. A student learns more proficiently through practical knowledge and by gaining experience by working on site. Moreover, a visit outside the campus promotes recreation in students. This visit was … GDSC FAST-NU recently held an informative session regarding the Google Solution Challenge.  Google Solution Challenge is an annual contest presented by Google that invites students to develop solutions for local community problems using one or more Google products or platforms. The speaker of the seminar was shortlisted as one of the top 50 finalists of last year. It was indeed an interactive session where the audience was briefed regarding what … Debug to Make a Buck! SOFTEC partnered with Educative to bring a dynamic and fun event for students of FAST Nuces on 31st November 2022. Team Educative arrived at around 10:30 am, and the event started at 11:00 am, full of energy. The energy filled the air and motivated many students to come ahead and play fun games. The media team actively captured each moment from the start of the … LinkedIn and CV building seminar was held by Stacks in collaboration with CSS by Mr.Abdul Waheed, an experienced HR professional with a demonstrated history of working in the IT industry. He is a senior technical recruiter and HR Team Lead at BrainX Technologies. With recruitment being his strongest domain, he was talking about Linkedin acquisition and guide students how to construct an effective CV by showing some professional CV's and … Career Counseling Society and Student affairs hosted Student Counselor's meetup on 7 December. A brief description about the campus was given by Director Dr. Hammad Naveed to Student Counsellors.The formal meeting was held in Executive Center, followed by high-tea and a campus tour for our guests.Our university is looking forward to have more such events. The Git and Github Workshop, delivered by Sir Jawad Khalid, was a major success with 15 to 20 instructors being a part of it and acquiring the various benefits that it had to offer. The systems were already equipped with Git Bash and Github software to make the workshop more efficient and convenient for the instructors. The instructors were briefed on the various benefits associated with using Github for tasks … Nuces Media Group is the only media society at FAST Nuces Lahore. It provides the student body with opportunities to showcase their talents in photography, videography and literature. Just like last year, NMG organized the Mushaira this year as well. The event aimed to promote Urdu poetry among university students. We received an overwhelming amount of submissions and then the students were shortlisted to present their beautiful work in front of … Welcome'22 was conducted by Fast Creative Society on Friday 25th of November 2022, the event brimmed to cater almost a thousand students who ecstatically enjoyed the twilight and spent a memorable time with their fellow batch mates. Entrance for the Welcome kicked off as early as 4:30 pm and the event was officially started at 6:00pm. Arranging a play with Dramaf society was a massive success as it was a … Voice Debating Society of FAST NUCES Lahore conducted the first-ever MUN in Fast Lahore this past weekend. NUMUN Prologue was a great success. This event received an overwhelming response from the student, statistically stating there were 18 individual registrations and 30 delegations therefore, in total the headcount of participants was 138. Moreover, for the event to accomplish such a big achievement a management team of 100+ people worked day and … SOFTEC held its most spectacular orientation on November 23, 2022.  Miss Ayesha Chaudhary, Dr. Saira Karim, and Director FAST NUCES Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed graced the event with their presence. A memorable Trip to MushkPuri Top! A trip to explore and discover the amazing views and get an escape from Lahore's weather. National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES) honors employees having 25 years plus service at Lahore Campus. The NUCES always appreciates their efforts & impeccable contribution. Honorable Rector, Dr. Aftab Ahmad & Director Campus, Dr. Hammad Naveed presented the appreciation certificates to the employees. The ceremony was organized by HR Department on 19-Nov-2022 (Saturday). FAST NUCES, Career Services Office (CSO) organized an on-campus networking session (Coffee Hour) with our alumni that was chaired by the campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed, to cherish their memories and appreciate achievements and impact they’ve made in their respective fields.The meeting allowed them to share their experiences being a FASTian, receive updates on the developments campus has made and share their valuable feedback from the industry/market. National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences with the collaboration of American Society of Civil Engineers – Student Chapter held an educational trip to Neelum-Jhelum Hydropower plant. The purpose of this trip is to educate the students of the Civil Department first-hand regarding the workings of hydropower plants in generating power. The trip lasted for two days, i.e. 18th Nov to 19th Nov. Neelum Jhelum Hydro-Power Project is a 970 MW project located … ACM Team decided that students studying Programming Fundamentals could greatly benefit from tutoring sessions as many fresh students do not have a programming  background. In order to cater to this pivotal need of theirs, interviews were conducted and students from senior batches were selected who had at least A- grade in their Programming Fundamentals course. Around a hundred freshman year students registered which were then divided onto selected ten Peer … UCL Sportsfest was held between 17th to 19th of November where 100+ of our sportsman represented FAST across various sports. Our sports teams made us proud at the event showcasing immense talent, resilience and grit on the sporting field. We bagged 20+ medals in total along with the biggest award that there was at UCLSportsfest, THE BEST DELEGATION. Here’s an insight to our team performance at the event. Cricket Tapeball: … The finality of prophethood necessitates that the duty of calling towards the religion of Allah, acting in accordance with it, and establishing it in every sphere of life now lies with the Muslims. It is from the virtues of this Ummah that we enjoin good and forbid evil, just as our Prophet (SAW) had done, and how his companions had followed. We must, therefore, give attention to this duty … ACM and CCS brought an amazing session delivered by none other than the program director at the Punjab IT Board, Mr. Jahanzeb Akbar. The event was organized on November 17, 2022 from 4:00- 5:30 pm. Sir Jahanzeb also had a meeting with the Director of FAST-NUCES Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed and also presented his book “The Effective Project Manager – A ten step guide” to him. Afterwards, he addressed some … Fast Music Society participated in the Bestival held at BNU from the 3rd to the 6th of November. They bagged trophies in multiple categories which include Western Singing, Battle of the Bands and Instrumental.Our very own band won the runners-up trophy in the Battle of Bands category after blowing everyone away with their energetic performance! Naveed, our talented singer and guitarist left everyone speechless and got the first position in … Allah, exalted be He, has placed special benefits in the acts done to worship Him alone. One of the greatest of these acts is Salah, and Wudu which leads up to Salah, so, Allah has blessed these acts to such an extent that whoever performs them purifies themselves both physically and spiritually. With every splash of water, the sins of the believer wash away, and with every prostration, the sins … DRAMAF performed at BNU Bestival on 5th November, 2022. The name of the play was “Hotel Nayaab” written and directed by Shujaat Hussain and Muhammad Ibrahim. The play was a success at the festival and we were fortunate enough to bag the Runners Up position at the event. Also, we won the award of best delegation. DRAMAF performed at the LUMS Dramafest as well on 13th November, 2022. The name of the play was “Takhayul” directed by Hamna Rehman and Taimoor Mohsin. The final year students of Electrical Engineering department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences Lahore campus went on an informative industrial tour to i2c Inc. i2c is a global provider of highly-configurable digital banking and payments solutions.During the tour, students were received with a welcome presentation by the representatives of the company, followed by a brief introduction about i2c’s business operations that go with payment processing, contract management, … BNU Bestival X was held between 3rd to 9th of November where 100+ of our sportsman represented FAST across various sports. Our sports teams made us proud at the event showcasing immense talent, resilience and grit on the sporting field. We bagged 22 medals in total along with the biggest award that there was at Bestival X, THE TEAM TROPHY IEEE-NUCES along with Fast Data Science Society and ACM Fast Lahore collaborated with GDSC Fast Lahore to bring an insightful seminar on the topic “New Era of Computerization” with the purpose to enlighten the details about the future of computing. The final year students of Electrical Engineering department of FAST-NU Lahore campus went on an informative industrial tour to Descon Engineering (Lahore Manufacturing Works - LMW). Descon Engineering  Limited is an integrated engineering services and manufacturing company operating in Pakistan, Middle East and Africa. During this tour, the students were received with a welcome presentation by the company representatives. The presentation included a brief introduction of the company followed by … No man has ever planted a tree that remains firm on the Earth while it's branches reach the heavens. This, certainly, is not a task for someone unaware of the rewards of a few words which are dear to Allah. Anyone who proclaims His greatness (Allahu Akbar) and remains firm upon the Kalma of His oneness (La Ilaha Illallah), then it as if he has planted a tree reaching the … Every year, breast cancer kills more than 500,000 women around the world. The significant reason for this is unawareness. In a global effort to raise awareness of breast cancer, October has been designated as the Pink Month.This year, on 31st October, Fast Care collaborated with Pink Ribbon Organization and observed Pink Day to educate students about breast cancer risk factors, to spread awareness of precautionary measures, and to support those … Allah has made religion easy for His servants, and part of this ease is that with every Wudu performed, and every prayer prayed, the sins of the serveant of Allah fall and wither away just as dry leaves on a branch do. Wudu and Salah are two of the most often-performed acts of worship for a Muslim, and it is the Mercy of Allah that He has made them an … The life of this world is only a moment, a drop in an ocean. We can invest our abilities and resources on this world, and we may get some limited return based on those investments, but once death approaches us all of that becomes irrelevant. Hence, is it not better that we invest in something that not only gives us a maximum return, but also continues to last even after … The American Society of Civil Engineers with the collaboration of the Ravi Urban Development Authority held a seminar. This specific seminar helped the students realize the growth of the city that they currently reside in, and the projects taking place to help support that immense and rapid growth. This helps understand the need, importance and the background of this project which is urbanizing the banks of Ravi. The Ravi Urban … A delegation from France, Switzerland, and the French Embassy met with the director of FAST NUCES, Lahore, Dr Hammad Naveed, and the student council to convey their ideas and plans regarding future collaborations with FAST. The session proved to be quite effective in fulfilling its primary purpose, which was to seek the members' interests in the programme. The session ended with a highly interactive Q&A session with the students, which … Graphic designing workshop was held on 12th October by a reputable member of FAST Alumni, Mr. Usama Masood who gave students the ideal introduction to the massive world of graphic designing. FSDS successfully executed yet another very informative seminar on the topic of "Cloud Computing and Big Data" where Mr. Ali Khawaja, Senior Cloud Solutions Architect from Microsoft enlightened us with important lessons from his 18 years of experience at Microsoft and the much needed industry insights for the students who are interested in starting a career in this domain. Character Building Society conducted an event “Productivity & Fitness” & “The Giant within” in partnership with the country heads at Youth Club. The first speaker of the session was Muhammad Ali  who addressed the students about “The Giant within” The second speaker of the session was Tuaha ibn Jalil from Youth Club who addressed students about “Productivity & Fitness” which boosted moral values and integrity in the students. Career Counselling Society arranged a seminar on Prioritizing Career Paths and Goal Setting on 18th October, 2022. The seminar was hosted by Educative and professionals from each of their departments imparted knowledge to FASTIANS. The speakers included Sadaf Umer (HR), Talha Zubair, Ammar Khan and many more. The seminar was attended by a diverse pool of students from every batch. ICE-NUCES organized a one day training workshop on Civil 3D to familiarize aspiring engineers with the environment of such a significant software. The workshop was conducted by a professional geotechnical engineer Engr. Mohammed Ahmed Khan who delivered an impactful lecture on the topic and provided a basic understanding of the capabilities and features of Civil 3D through demonstration and real life examples. Another guest speaker Engr. Muhammad Asif who is … One of the most fundamental duties on humans on this Earth, in fact the primary duty, is to uphold the Word of Allah as the highest, to diminish evil, and to spread good. This is what the Ummah of the Prophet (saw) is here for. Where we take care of our personal worships such as Salah, it is equally important that we stop evil, spread good, and discharge this duty … The Fast Expressa ‘22 aimed to be an ice-breaking session for new batch at FAST NUCES, to bring forth the efforts and efficiency of Fast Business Club to Bact’22. This was a non-academic event for the freshers to pave the way for everyone equally and cordially be a part of the event. The FAST Sports Society arranged a whole week of exciting sports for the students. The event was called “INTRAFAST”. Students from all departments registered and fully participated in the event. The response was absolutely overwhelming. The INTRAFAST was held for 6 days starting from 3 rd October and ending on 9 th October with daily sports events being held from 12PM to 6PM. VOICE represented FAST in two competitions; Beacon House Liberty Campus Kasuri cup and KEMU; King Edward Medical College Debating Championship. The teams performed extremely well in both competitions and one team consisting of two individuals; Abdullah Maqsood and Mudassar Seemab(ALUMNI FAST) bagged the trophy for Best team and Best Urdu open. We are proud of these individuals! Prize distribution ceremony was held on 7th Oct 2022 at Lahore campus. Honorable Rector Dr Aftab Ahmed and director Dr Hammad Naveed graced the event with their presence. Mr Naeem-ul-Haq Co-founder of educative also attended the ceremony as a guest of honor. A 2 day medical camp was organized by FASTCARE in collaboration with DR.ESSA LABORATORY. Various services like free blood sugar test, CBC for dengue, haemoglobin test, hepatitis screening and much more was offered on campus to all the students and faculty. Over 200 tests were administered and all that was made possible by the hard work of the sedulous team members and the volunteers alike. The Book of Allah is indeed the grand solution to all our problems. It is the answer to our prayers for guidance and help, and in it, we find direction for whatever phase we might be in our life. Allah, exalted be He, has left nothing unexplained in His book, The Qur'an. So, it should be upon every Muslim to take refuge in the Qur'an and reflect deeply upon its … Idyllic Youth Society celebrated Teacher's Day by organizing an event where different reknown educationists such as Mr. Amjad Hussain, Mr. Bilal Hashmi and Mr. Qaisar Duraani were invited as our honorable guests. They shared their life experience with the students at FAST. The ceremony ended with the distribution of gifts between our HOD of CS Dept. Dr Kashif Raza, our Faculty Advisor Idyllic Youth Society Prof. Raziuddin and our guests … The road to success is indeed for the one who struggles in its completion, who works for the desired goal day and night, and should sacrifice be necessary, does not hesitate upon it. And what is there to be successful in rather than being witnesses to La Ilaha Illallah (There is no god but Allah)? Indeed, that is the ultimate success. So, glad tidings to the one who strives in … The purpose of the “Intro to Git & GitHub” session was to introduce and explain the use Git and GitHub. The guest speaker Mr. Bilal Shahzad, Director of IBAX - A Blockchain Infrastructural Network, ensured that the content was delivered effectively, and catered to the questions from the audience. The session was also attended by Dr. Kashif Zafar, Head of the Computer Science Department at FAST NUCES. The following points … Career Counselling Society arranged an Industry Trip to Arfa Karim Tower on 7 October, 2022 in collaboration with ACM. The trip was the first of its kind where CCS took a diverse pool of 35 students from all batches and departments. Students toured the following places: -METRO Bus Command & Control Center -PITB Data Center -ITU Orientation, Labs etc -Plan 9 Incubating Center -Ozi Technologies The tour went really smoothly … MOU signed between (NUCES), Lahore Campus with Dr. Essa Laboratories & Diagnostic Center, Lahore for discounts. 25 % Discount on All Pathology (Tests), 20 % Discount on All Radiology scans including X-rays, Ultrasounds & E.C.G., 100% Free Home sample collection services (Within the Lahore), Covid-PCR tests will be of Rs. 3500, Free Covid-Booster shots [Pfizer, Sinopharm, Sinovac], 10 % Discount on Dental Services, 10 % Discount on our upcoming services … The students of 2022 batch enjoyed their first trip, to Kartarpur Corridor. Our Director, faculty members from all disciplines and Student Center staff accompanied the students to ensure the safety of the trip and allow to students to feel at ease with the management. FAST School of Computing organized a seminar on Resilient Network Load Balancing for Data Center Networks Datacenters (DCs) provide the backbone for online services such as web search and social networks. To deliver high bandwidth to such services, modern data centers are often structured as multi-rooted tree topologies, resulting in multiple paths between every pair of servers. To optimally utilize the available bandwidth, an efficient network load balancing scheme is … One of the greatest blessings of Allah upon His servants is the Qur'an, and the ability to recite it is an immense source of reward in His Sight. Indeed, it is the ones who remember Allah who become successful. Know that Allah never wastes the call of the one who calls upon Him. In fact, He is, at all times, ready to respond in a considerably better way. So recite … The servant of Allah is constantly in need of the Mercy of Allah, without which one is lost evidently. The Most Merciful has, therefore, granted us several passive and active methods to seek His forgiveness and, by His leave, because successful in this world and the next. We should strive to invoke the forgiveness of Allah, and we should make sure we never make ourselves devoid of such a necessity. Keeping in mind the need for the latest and up-to-date information in this new changing world, SOFTEC hosted a seminar “scene on Hai” that would provide valuable industry insights on the Tech ecosystem in Pakistan. The speaker, Mr. Umair Khan, is a seasoned VC from Silicon Valley and also an entrepreneur with over 20 industry patents. The event was based on the intriguing question of the future of the tech … In light of the recent devastations of the flooding in major parts of Pakistan, a fundraiser was planned to help the victims. DramaF and FMS joined hands for this highly crucial cause and Shajar e Umeed, as it was named, was planned. The event was held successfully on 20th September 2022. Tickets were set up for the event and all the ticket sales were put together as a donation for … The batch 2022 photo was a success! Pretty people with pretty smiles could be seen everywhere. Students not only got their batch photo taken but also posed in front of the camera for individual or group photos with their friends. Our favourite part of the day was when students gathered again for the second part of the batch photo with flashlights in the dark!! To become ideal Muslims and to perform those duties which are required of us, it is imperative that we understand and seek knowledge of what it is to be done in the first place. In addition to this fundamental principle of seeking knowledge, one must also seek forgiveness for the sins they may have committed, and remain determined on avoiding them at all costs. These principles are, therefore, a key … Department of Sciences & Humanities, Lahore campus has initiated a regular mathematics seminar series from Fall 2022. In this weekly activity, a one-hour session is conducted every Wednesday (4:30 - 5:30) pm. All current PhD scholars and some of the mathematics faculty members are delivering talks on emerging topics in their research areas. This seminar series is proving to be very informative for the graduate students in particular. Moreover, this … FAST Society of Data Science organized a seminar on the topic of Data Analytics in collaboration with Transformatics. Mr. Nauman Mir and Mr. Bilal Bin Munir took us on a detailed journey of what Data Analytics really is and how you can enter the industry. Indeed, an insightful event, with a participation of more than 250 students and faculty of FAST NUCES. Voice FAST held their ice breaking session on Monday, 19th September, 2022 to a great success and response from the students. It served as a great opportunity for the new batch to interact with their seniors and learn more about the society. Along with many fun-filled activities, different debating categories were also introduced to the students. Additionally, they were briefed about what they can expect to give and learn from … IEEE NUCES collaborated with NUCES MEDIA GROUP and Stacks FAST in order to conduct an informative seminar on Intelligent NFT(by cloud city metaverse) with the help of STACKS FAST. This seminar was arranged with the motive of giving introduction to students about a new emerging technology; NFTs that has swept the globe. This seminar gave good information about NFTs that are used in several specific applications that require unique digital … IEEE  organized a fantastic workshop on machine learning, beginning with the fundamental unit of any intelligent product or service: neural nets. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director of FAST NUCES Lahore and the computational biology research laboratory, conducted it in a noteworthy way. It covered one of the most recent topics of the era. The workshop invited students from all disciplines and batches and achieved the goal of arousing the interest of … Career Counseling Society (CCS) has held a critical role within FAST as a bridge between students and the industry. CCS collaborated with students from LGS JT Girls Campus and their IT society for a campus tour. A delegation of 19 students observed campus life here firsthand. They also visited the engineering labs of the campus. The tour was held on the 8th of September from 2-4: 30 pm. It was … One of the greatest responsibilities of the servants of Allah is, without doubt, prayer. Prayer is the key to numerous victories in this life and the next. And as Iqbal puts it, this one Sajda saves you from a million others. Indeed, the one who safeguards his prayer, is the one closest to his Lord. The possessor of intellect understands this key element, and protects this sacred pillar with all … FBC partnered with SABC (South Asian Business Concern) which is a management consultancy company that has an authority given by PFG (Prudential Financial Limited) for branding the Startups/Entrepreneurship development programs to provide the taste of Global Financial Markets. Moreover, PFG searches and prepares the best future brains and empower them with the skills to handle financial markets. Students have been studying debt instrumentsin their theoretical subjects, so these programs would … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU conducted a Q&A session on the Fulbright scholarship.During the event, the director of FAST, Dr. Hammad Naveed, addressed the questions and queries of the students and guided them regarding the Fulbright scholarship. The session was held at the new auditorium on 8th September 2022. It was a very informative session; everyone acquired basic knowledge about the Fulbright scholarship, which is indeed one of the best scholarship … Career Counseling Society conducted an insightful seminar to educate students about the CSS exam on September 15th, 2022. Mr Ahsan Faraz Gondal, the position holder of CSS 2021, was invited to share do’s and don’ts for CSS preparation. The event was held in the Syed Rafaqat Ali auditorium from 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm. The speaker started off the session by introducing the exam to the students. He briefed the … To appreciate the hard work and dedication of the exceptional SOFTEC team, SOFTEC organized an award ceremony on 14th September 2022. Directed by SOFTEC’s management, this event aimed to appreciate all who had worked hard day and night to make SOFTEC'22 a huge success. The ceremony began with the name of Allah Almighty and was followed by the National Anthem. The important guests included Mr. Hammad Naveed – the director … Career Counseling Society invited Mr Ahmad Manzoor, founder and CEO of Pakistan Blockchain Institute, to deliver a seminar on blockchain development on September 12th, 2022. The event was held in the Syed Rafaqat Ali auditorium from 11:30 pm - 1:00 pm. The speaker educated the students about the avenues in the emerging field of blockchain technology. Students having an interest in the field keenly listened to the speaker. Mr Manzoor … Fast Care collaborated with Sundas Foundation on the 15 th of September to collect blood from volunteering students to save the lives of Thalassemia and Haemophilia patients. Sundas Foundation provides blood and blood products for all fatal diseases to patients, the government, and private hospitals with no charges. Faculty members and students volunteered to donate blood, and we collected approximately 116 blood bags in just 7 hours of blood camp. … A research talk on "Linear time algorithm to calculate Wiener Index in unicyclic and bicyclic graphs" was given by Khawaja Muhammad Fahad, PhD on 16th September. The seminar was organized by Graduate Research Lab (GRL) Committee in Computer Science Department. In the talk, Dr. Fahd discussed about Wiener Index. Specifically, he discussed about undirected, unweighted graph in which Wiener Index is defined as the sum of all the edge-distances between … Be in this world as if you are a stranger or a passerby. The attainment of enlightenment starts by understanding the temporary nature of this world, and the permanence of the hereafter. This life is merely an arrangement of delusions. The one who understands these diversions, and then works towards being nearer to the final abode near their Lord, will indeed be successful. This lies in understanding Jannah, and how … The servant of Allah need only act and he will find that his Lord is well within his reach, for every step towards Him is reciprocated tenfold by the Most Merciful. The understanding and application of this relationship between Allah and His servants is the crux of success, and achieving closeness to your Lord is indeed achieving a manifest victory. We need only arise and walk towards our Creator and … On 7th September, 2022, following the amazing success of the previous in-person USEFP exchange semester program information session with Javeria Nadeem batch'18, on high demand, another online session to facilitate all those who couldn't make it last time had been organised by NUCES ACM. The two sessions lead primarily by Javeria allowed the attendees to acknowledge all there was to know regarding the program - from its initial preparations to … Voice and Idyllic Youth collaborated for Defence Day celebration on 6th September 2022. The event consisted of a flag hoisting ceremony in front of the CS department followed by an Honorary Declamation Competition. The competition was bilingual with 30 participants showcasing their skills. It was a full day event starting at 12 and ending at 5pm. Short documentaries on defense day were also shown to increase the knowledge of students … FAST SPORTS SOCIETY conducted a charity fund raiser double wicket tournament for the flood affectees of Pakistan on Friday 2nd September. The event was a success as numerous teams participated and put their skills to display while the management made sure the tournament was smooth sailing and pulled off everything to the best of their abilities. It was a small effort from our side as we intended to add our … Career Counseling Society greeted the new batch with a session specific to them. With our guest Mr. Khizer Hayat Sani from Conrad Labs, we highlighted various aspects of university life and how to find interest in the respective fields. The event was held in CS-14 on 31 August, 2022. Undoubtedly, the new batch holds immense talent and will increase the overall positivity and academic prowess of our university. The natural design signifies collectiveness when it comes to dealing with human beings. The results and impact created by actions of an individual has a communal effect. Thus, in parallel to personal correctness of actions, equal attention and effort is required for collective correctness. In a personal capacity, every student can feel responsible for their own circles and peer groups, and start connecting with them on these lines. Actionable strategies, including reverting to Prayers, Repentance and large scale charity drives; investing in Afterlife for maximising the returns was discussed. Also, peer to peer in-person marketing to motivate others to participate was also emphasized on. The Electrical Engineering department of the National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences FAST NUCES, Lahore campus in collaboration with the Career Services Office of the university arranged an informative Industrial Tour for the graduating students of the Electrical Engineering (Computer Stream) to Mentor graphics (Siemens) on Thursday 26 May 2022. The students were received with a welcome presentation by one of the company’s representative. The presentation included a brief … The Electrical Engineering Department of NUCES-FAST, in collaboration with the Career Services Office of the university, arranged an Industrial Tour for the graduating students of the Electrical Engineering (Electronics Stream) to PEL factory unit on Monday, 30 May 2022. During this tour, the students were received a welcome presentation consisting of a brief introduction of the company and their contribution to the market in terms of their products. The students … Pukaar Community in collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore arranged a seminar on Emotional Intelligence by a Clinical Physiologist, Fatima Tahir. The seminar was held on 18 May 2022. The team has planned a series of seminars on mental health awareness across the country throughout the year. Only by educating and increasing the awareness about mental disorders and by recognizing them as a real illness, we can prevent the disastrous effects … The second day of Orientation Day for batch 2022 brought the students of Electrical Engineering, Civil Engineering and Management Sciences to their new institute. Syed Rafaqat Auditorium was filled to the fullest as the management welcomed the newbies. Our societies were once again in action and spread the word of their operations among the new batch. Any effort for good, when done in sync with the efforts of Rasulullah (S.A.W), is acceptable in the eyes of Allah.  Finality of prophethood implies that the responsibility of the prophetic efforts of dawah, trickles down to each member of the Ummah. These efforts, when done inline with the efforts of Prophet PBUH, will result in the promised hidayah (guidance). وَٱلَّذِينَ جَـٰهَدُوا۟ فِينَا لَنَهْدِيَنَّهُمْ سُبُلَنَا ۚ وَإِنَّ ٱللَّهَ لَمَعَ ٱلْمُحْسِنِينَ. … SOFTEC organized an exemplary seminar From FAST 2 AMAZON on 1st September 2022. The seminar's goal was to educate the students who want to secure jobs abroad or are worried or facing stress related to finding jobs. Mr. Syed Muhammad Ali Mustafa shared his own journey with the students about how he secured a job as a Software Development Engineer in Amazon without any granted privileges. He added, he kept … The flood Relief Campaign started from 29th August 2022 and ended on 5th September 2022. It was conducted in collaboration with the Alkhidmat foundation. The main purpose of the Flood Relief Campaign was to collect donations for the people that were affected by flooding in South Punjab. Baluchistan, and interior Sindh. Flood Drive desk was set up on a daily basis from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm for the whole … FAST CARE organized a Book Drive. It started from 29th August 2022 and ended on 1st September 2022. The main purpose of the Book Drive was to collect books that were unused or slightly used and that help others who are unable to buy those books. Book Drive desk was set up on daily basis from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm. A total of 82 books were collected from the … Career Counseling Society hosted the youth-led global non-profit organization, AISEC, on 1 September, 2022. The representatives set up a stall in front of the cafe and got an immensely positive response from the students. By visiting the stall, students could get information, and register themselves in the community. Our guests enjoyed their time and left with smiles. Wired, a workshop on IoT, sponsored by Grandeur, was held at NUCES-FAST on 31 May, 2022. Stacks FAST Chapter hosted Grandeur for this hands-on session. Grandeur introduced its software and hardware tools to the students. The event took place in the Old Auditorium with 40+ participants and was a successful one. FAST Sports society represented Lahore Campus at NasCon. It provided all the young players a chance to exhibit their talent and explore their untapped potential. The event was a huge success and we received an overwhelming welcome and respect from all the organizers and support staff. The three-day event included various competitions. Our Futsal and Badminton teams ended up victorious and brought back trophies. The management team did a great … Stacks FAST Chapter successfully completed it's first Clarity Cohort in the university in Spring 2022. About 30 students registered for the 8-week long bootcamp. From the basics of blockchain to smart contracts on Clarity language, the students were made familiar with all. The course concluded with a couple of assignments. Fast Sports Gala’22 has successfully been concluded. There was overwhelming response from all the participants and sponsors. Employees from the corporate sector from various software houses took part in different sports including Volley, Chess, Futsal, Cricket, Arm Wrestling, Foosball. The management team was efficient during and after the matches and accommodated all the participants in this scorching heat. Companies like EMPG labs, i2c, WeRplay won a huge number of matches … 'Heartiest Congratulations To Our FMS Family! Our performers in FMS recently participated in Battle of the Bands and Individual Singing at NasCon'22 held in Fast Islamabad. Our band consisting of Naveed Ali, Hussnain Afzal, Maaz Abid, Wasi Haider, Najia Ikhlaq, bagged a Runners Up position in BotB and one of our talented singers, Aaliyan Sami, placed third position in Individual Singing! We could not be more proud of our members … Fatimid Foundation X FASTCare Donate your blood for a reason, let the reason to be life. FASTCare collaborated with @fatimid_foundationlahore in a blood camp and successfully managed to collect more than 60 bottles of blood. What a year it has been for society and everyone around. We would like to sign off this year’s FASTCare’s events on a high note of managing and helping the foundation collect such a huge … The flagship event of ACM student chapter, GeekWeek’22 was held on 21st May, 2022. As promised, a legion of competitions and workshops inspired a diverse set of participants in this year's competition and, indeed, GeekWeek'22 had it all. FAST Lahore had it's Semester Finale Session of Provisions for Seekers. The idea of the Prophetic efforts of Dawah, and the responsibility which trickles down to each individual of the Ummah as per Khatm e Nabuwwat (Finality of Prophethood) to create an enabling environment which connects everyone with Allah was discussed.Director FAST Lahore campus, Dr. Hammad Naveed was also present. The flagship event of Career Counseling Society, Job Fair ’22 was held on 14 May, 2022. The event hosted 80+ companies from all domains of the industry. It was a one-day event, with timings from 9:00 am – 5:00 pm. The companies were provided refreshments and lunch. All companies collected resumes, some conducted interviews and tests as well. The closing ceremony was held in New Auditorium, where Director, Dr. Hammad … The Critical Spectacle took place on 23rd May 2022. We hosted Muzammil Shah, a well-known news anchor. The event started with the Voice team receiving Mr.Muzammil. After that, an interview began where a series of questions were asked. Questions ranged from political, social, and philosophical questions. After that, the audience was given a chance to ask Mr.Muzamil there own questions. Finally, the event was concluded by presenting him with a … One Day Trip to Dunga Gali! A place where Fastians went to explore and discover the amazing views and enjoyed the weather which was an escape from Lahore's hot weather. We left Lahore at 12 am, reached Dunga Gali around 8 am, had breakfast at Hotel Amore which was very delicious. All of us started to trek on pipeline track and enjoyed the mesmerizing views along with the path, at … The session on Natural Language Processing was organized on Friday, 20 th May. Our Guest Speaker, Mr. Hamza Farooq is a Research Manager from Google and ( Alumni of FAST) Mr. Hamza gave insights on NLP innovations and industrial trends. Mr.Hamza also gave career development advice. He told students about his journey from FAST to Google.The session was conducted on Bevy virtually, 87 Attendees including a few teachers gained valuable … An insightful Workshop on “STABILITY ANALYSIS OF A ROCK SLOPE AND AN OPEN PIT USING 3DEC & was conducted by Brig (Retd) Prof Sarfraz Ali who is currently serving as a Prof at Wits Mining Institute (WMI), University of the Witwatersrand. Objectives of the workshop was to introduce the procedures for numerical, geotechnical stability, stability of a slope, reinforced slope and an open pit analysis in 3 DEC software to … The Medal Distribution Ceremony at NUCES-FAST Lahore was held on campus on 20th May 2022. Dr. Aftab Maroof (Rector, NUCES-FAST) and Dr. Hammad Naveed  (Director Campus, Lahore) graced the event with their presence and distributed the medals to students of all batches and degree programs. Two prominent alumnis Mr. Umair Majeed and Ms. Ayesha Chaudhry were the Guest of Honor at the event. They shared some wise words and their journey … Pukaar Community in collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore arranged a seminar on Emotional Intelligence by a Clinical Physiologist, Fatima Tahir. The seminar was held on 18 May 2022. The team has planned a series of seminars on mental health awareness across the country throughout the year. Only by educating and increasing the awareness about mental disorders and by recognizing them as a real illness, we can prevent the disastrous effects … IntraFAST Debating Competition took place on 11th May, 2022. The competition was held between 20 teams in total. The entire competition comprised of 2 preliminary rounds which were conducted in 5 separate rooms. Furthermore, the Debate was in British Parliamentary style and 4 teams were shortlisted and sent to the finale. Finale was conducted on the next day followed by an award ceremony. FAST is proud to announce the biggest corporate sports event, FAST Sports Gala 2022, at FAST-NU Lahore from 27th May to 29th May.Companies from all over Pakistan actively take part in sports events, where FAST Sports Society provides them with a platform to encourage healthy competition. The 3-day event has previously been sponsored by various companies. With 8+ sponsors and 3400+ participants, FAST Sports Society managed to pull off an … EMPG Lab visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 26, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science.. Tajir App visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 19, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science.. SlashNext: SlashNext visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 18, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS. Repairdesk: Repairdesk visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their recruitment drive program on 22 March, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and conducted walk-in interviews for graduating and senior batches of BS and MS. Devsinc: Developers Incorporated visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their recruitment drive program on March 24, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and conducted walk-in interviews for graduating and senior batches of BS and MS. On the 1st of April, NMG - Nuces Media Group went to Islamabad to meet up with FPS from FAST Islamabad Campus to join them in our biannual Photowalk! Students from the Lahore campus were greeted by students of Islamabad Campus and breakfast after their long drive. All students then departed and visited Golra Station & its museum, Saidpur Village and the famous Pakistan Monument and its museum. Students then … The Mindstorm Studios Winter Jam '22 marked a new beginning in the gaming Industry in Pakistan. Winter Jam hosted numerous game developers and arranged a youth panel discussion. Director NUCES-FAST Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed was also part of the event. The event on 25 March, 2022, saw the prize distribution of prizes aming the winners and runner-ups. Including our very own Ahmad Nawaz of BS(CS) batch 2020. He secured 2nd … The most anticipated event of FAST NUCES Lahore and the biggest, record-breaking tech event of Pakistan, SOFTEC'22. With 20+ sponsors, 1200+ participants and 10,000+ footfall from all over Pakistan, FAST NUCES is proud to present SOFTEC'22 as its flagship IT event. Bridging the gap between students and the professional world of IT, SOFTEC'22 has proven to be the most beneficial and fun event for Software companies and students. The FAST Music Society hosted the annual FAST Music Fest at FAST Lahore. The event was held after a hiatus of 4 years and expectations were very high. The event brought in the best musicians and singers from around the country to compete in this very close battle. The event was held for one whole day on 19th March 2022, captivating the audience from start to finish. We had a … The FAST Sports Society was invited to FAST Faisalabad to participate in Daira 2022. We accepted the invitation and the event lasted three days, from 25th to 27th March. Our teams were graciously accommodated at the Faisalabad campus. Our hard work paid off and it is with great pride that we inform you that the FAST Sports Society managed to secure five trophies in Volleyball, Cricket, Arm Wrestling, Carom Board … FAST Care conducted its flagship event, named Care For All. The topic for this event was “Care for environment”.Mr Syed Zahid Aziz, CEO Punjab Aab-e-Paak Authority, delivered a speech regarding water pollution and pollution in general. Then, a video of another guest, Mr Ali Tabish, actor/model, was played in the auditorium which touched the subject matters of smog and air pollution. Dr. Hammad Naveed also graced the event with his … An insightful session on "Health and Safety Certifications'' was conducted at Department of Civil Engineering FAST-NU. In this session, Health and Safety professionals from Doosan Academy guided students to various certifications and opportunities in the Health and Safety field. Students of FAST NU Lahore got an opportunity to attend the CIMA business game competition. It was a case study solving competition and 2 teams from FAST participated in it. We are proud to announce that both the teams qualified to the last round and were able to score 3rd (Hustlers) and 4th position (Passion Pavers). They were required to solve 4 preassigned questions and along with submitting a report, … FAST School of Management is pleased to announce the 2nd cycle of "Business Analytics with Python: Boot Camp for Beginners ". This boot camp is designed for absolute beginners with an analytical aptitude and who aspire to join the business analytics industry. Bootcamp will be organized both on-campus and online. The most prominent ride-sharing app, Careem, visited NUCES-FAST for a Speed Programming Competition.   Our guests awarded Rs. 25000 to the winner and appreciated all participants. The recruitment drive happened in collaboration with Career Counseling Society and the university is hopeful for hosting Careem at Job Fair '22. The IEEE-NUCES Lahore Branch conducted a tech talk on 15th March 2022. The event was held in Old Auditorium during 2:30 pm to 4:00 pm. To grab the audience attention, the emails were sent to the students and the posts related to the event were shared on social media platforms. The speakers for the seminar were Mr. Kashif Wajid Qureshi and Mr. Uzair Tariq, who are Senior Software Engineers. They … FAST Lahore hosted Cricketer Inzamam ul Haq, where he delivered a talk at the session "Welcoming Ramadhan". It was a full-house event and the student body was very elated by this initiative taken by the university. Moral and social values, especially Parental rights were highlighted in the light of Quran and Sunnah. A special emphasis was put on preparing for Ramadhan by setting goals for the blessed month, and then … DevSinc was at NUCES-FAST on 29 March, 2022 for a Recruitment session. Human Resource Representatives from the company were present in New Auditorium. They shared thorough details of their organization's recruiting process. We are hopeful that DevSinc will continue to be our guest and share their knowledge with our students. On 10 th march 2022, FAST Business Club conducted for the very first time in the history of FAST a one of its kind ‘Business Startup exhibition’. This exhibition proved to be a fabulous event where the startup heroes of FAST emerged on the surface and got a chance to learn about the customer point of view regarding their products and what strategy should they adopt on large scale business … Dramaf recently had tha opportunity to perform at Alhamra. The invitation was sent all over Pakistan and six scripts were selected from there to perform at their “First Women Art Festival”. The theme was “breaking the bias”, and Dramaf performed their script “Takhayyul”, written by Mahreen Ghafoor, and directed by Rana Tabish Saeed and Hamna Rehman. The play was about the inner struggles, and prejudices that women have to fight … An educational visit was arranged by ASCE NUCES to KHANKI BARRAGE on Saturday 5th MARCH 2022. This visit was arranged to enable the students to understand the basics of barrage and its components and give them a visual experience of the working of a barrage. Dramafest is an annual theatre event organized by DramaF where universities from all over Pakistan compete. This year we had a one day event on the 17 th of March. We had seven participating teams. The reporting started around 9 am and the performances were initiated at around 1pm. The last performance was the host play by Dramaf, after which the award ceremony was conducted. The performances by all the … FAST's very own Music Society, known as FAST Music Society to many, participated in various categories under Music Mania at UCP Taakra 2022. They showcased their talent in Battle of the Bands, Eastern and Western Singing, as well as Instrumentals. Hussnain Afzal and Izza Mujeeb were able to clinch both positions of Winner and Runner Up respectively, in the instrumental category, and made FAST proud. Seminar on Water Management in Pakistan's Indus Basin was delivered by Engineer Muhammad Hasnain Khan who is retired “Chief Engineer “from Punjab Irrigation Department. The seminar included: 1) A special Talk on Indus Water Treaty and Indus River System Authority (IRSA) accord 1991. 2) Engineer Hasnain's professional experience as a Water Resource Engineer in the Punjab Irrigation Department. The seminar was organized by ICE NUCES - Student Chapter Dr Summaira Sarfraz Prof. Dean Faculty of Sciences and Humanities  was invited as a Guest Speaker on the International Women’s Day (IWD) 8, March 2022 at Confiz Limited Lahore. In her address Dr Summaira highlighted the challenges a woman faces in the workplace and emphasized the importance of professional development as an effective strategy to equip women to address these challenges. She further expressed that hard work , persistence and commitment are the key factors to achieve success. The event was attended by a large … The FAST Sports Society arranged a whole week of exciting sports for the students. The event was called “INTRAFAST”. Students from all departments registered and fully participated in the event. The response was absolutely overwhelming. The INTRAFAST was held for 6 days starting from 28th February and ending on 5th March with daily sports events being held from 12PM to 6PM consisting of sports which included Futsal, Cricket, Volleyball, Table … KE visited FAST NUCES Lahore to call out applications for 7/11+ Innovation Challenge followed by a meeting with Director Campus, Dr Hammad Naveed and Senior Faculty members. KE enourages entrepreneurs, researchers, students to bring break through ideeas in the areas of clean energy & sustainable cities.   #FASTNULahore #FASTNU By 2025 a colossal amount of 463 exabytes of data is expected to be generated every day globally. SOFTEC’22 held an interactive session on Data Center Industry today. Hosted by Mr. Imran Latif, the Chief Operating Officer of the United States Department of Energy, the event proved to be an undisputed success. Stable storage and optimal retrieval of data were the cornerstones of today’s session. As part of International Women's Day celebrations, the Sciences and Humanities Department invited Ms. Sonia Sadaf, a CSS '17 position holder and a Deputy Secretary to Chief Minister Punjab , to share her personal experiences and recommendations on how to ace CSS and face professional challenges effectively.  The Talk was attended by BS and MS scholars who participated assertively in Q&A  session. The event concluded with closing remarks from Dr. … Students represented FAST at LSE Sports Gala from 25th February to 28th February. In Football, we lost the first round against FCCU by 2-nill. Against LUMS, we lost by a score of 2-1 in semi finals. With LUMS A and LSE alumni being our opponent in Volleyball male , we lost by a close margin. In female volleyball, the competition was tough with LUMS, and after winning 1 set with … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU has held another successful seminar in collaboration with CureMD Pakistan, based primarily on the company’s Young Inventor Program. The event was hosted in the Old Auditorium and had a sizable attendance of over 50 students. The presentation had its main focus on discussing entrepreneurship and exposing the audience to new ideas and avenues available to them. ACM Buddy Program! Indeed few other moments in life can be as challenging as one's time in university. That's why our Ex President, Raphael Nazirullah, recently gave a super inspirational talk on handling the peculiarities of university life, which combined with the fresh lens of new students, can seem ever more daunting. Students received powerful tips to maintain a healthy work-life balance and how to succeed both academically and professionally … Provisions for Seekers SessionDiscussion on Takeaways from the Prophet’s (PBUH) expedition to the valley of taif and on moral values and well human being in the light of Quran and Sunnah.~Regular sessions would be conducted every Tuesday and Thursday at 2:15pm-2.40pm in EM 6. NUCES Lahore is delighted to announce that DirAction has started it's e-commerce courses at FAST NUCES, LahoreThe first batch successfully completed it's course. Three-Day English Language Teachers Training was held at Lahore Campus from February 09-11,2022. The pre-semester training is the regular feature of English program to train the faculty with the updated  teaching methodologies. The training was attended by the visiting and permanent English language faculty. The training covered the best practices in communication and presentation skills teaching and learning methodologies,lesson planning,rubrics development and evaluation processes. The English Faculty of Lahore Campus visited Gurdawara Darbar Sahib in Kartarpur. It was the end semester recreational trip of the faculty. The faculty interacted with the Sikh Yateries visiting from India and exchanged pleasantries. The objective of the FAST Track is straightforward - equipping you with the right skills to join the digital marketplace as a Manager or Business Owner!   Starting from January 24, 2022 Timings: 14:00 to 17:00 hrs Venue: TBA Monday through Friday   To get registered please visit https://bit.ly/GetRegistered/FASTTrackCourse   For fee submission please visit  Student Center during office hours (8:30-16:15 hrs) CARE app is now launched which will unify the efforts of care and bring about digital medium where we can know the best efforts of Fast Care Society. App developers: Haasin Farooq Maryam Rasool Career Counselling Society arranged a seminar session on December 20th, 2021, to talk about the job opportunities and the recruitment process at Folio3. The seminar comprised of an esteemed panel of guests belonging to the HR and Development departments of Folio3. Due to their vast experience and knowledge regarding recruitment and technical skills, they were able to deliver valuable insights to the students of FAST. They shared personal stories and … A series of reminder sessions have been initiated, and a session in continuation of the same was conducted today. It was noted that the rewards and virtues promised by the Allah are important in motivating one to do better.Additionally, the responsibilities of the students in creating a better conducive atmosphere at the campus were also discussed, and that we should own our responsibility and collaboratively work for it. Dr Summaira Sarfraz, Dean Faculty School of Sciences and Humanities was invited as a Keynote Speaker at the Virtual International Conference on English Literature, Linguistics, Translation Studies and Faculty Development (ICLLTSFD 2021) organized by the Department of English, Centre for Linguistics, Translation Studies and Faculty Development, University of Education, Lahore with the theme “21st Century Innovative Trends and Future Perspectives in English Literature, Linguistics and Faculty Development” on December 07-08, … NMG recently held a very successful Mushaera event, to give the students a chance to relax and enjoy during the difficult end of term days. It also gave the students, who have a gift in urdu poetry, the chance to showcase their talent.  NMG started advertising on social media and at the university, a few days prior to the event. This advertisement was quite successful as the turn out for … Shaukat Khanam X Fast Care. Donating blood is the essence of helping out humanity's fight in always making sure that there is constant supply of blood available which could saves lives at the time when it's most needed. Hence, dedication, righteousness and kindness is not a word, it's a recursive act and like constant cycles of day and night, it needs to reiterate infinite times because there is no measure … The IEEE NUCES Lahore organized CS-GO tournament was a big hit. The two day event saw 9 teams going head to head to determine the best CS-GO team for FAST. Fighters gave it their all, and despite their valiant efforts, only one was crowned the victor. We at IEEE NUCES, cannot be more proud of our gaming team for making this event a reality, and present to you the highlights … Government College University hosted their ‘All Pakistan Summit of Student Societies’ in order to recognize new talents all around. This year FAST DramaF were the defending champions and hence were bestowed the opportunity to showcase our play at the closing ceremony with a tremendous finish. We formulated a team of 9 actors, 3 of them from our newest batch, to implement the story line written and directed by Asim Shahid. … UCL hosts their annual UCPAF in order to recognize new talents all around.This year, DramaF gave chance to new batches in order to search for raw talent and uncover their passion to act and showcase exceptional skills. We formulated a team of 4 actors, 2 of them from our newest batch, to implement the story line written by Mahreen Ghafoor and Hamna Rehman, our talented writers. Adan Bashir directed the … A delegation of 84 students represented FAST-NU Lahore at UCL SPORTSFEST 2021 from 22nd Nov - 27th Nov 2021. Each participant showed his/her skill set in the field. After a series of intense matches and unparalleled sportsmanship, our teams brought home eight medals. The newest society in FAST held its orientation on 7 December, 2021 i.e., Tuesday.  The event started at the proposed time; 11:00 am. The team had arranged a quiz game before the guests’ arrival at 11:30 am. The event was attended by Director FAST Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed, HOD CS department, Dr Kashif Zafar, Stacks Country Consultant, Mr. Nabeel Qadeer, Stacks community leader, Ms. Syeda Mehak and, Co-advisor of the … Mr. Nabeel A. Qadeer, our alumnus of Batch 2001 visited Dr. Hammad Naveed Director FAST NU Lahore campus. During the meeting many avenues of mutual interest and collaboration were discussed. Mr. Nabeel appreciated and acknowledged the Director's initiative for making the campus infrastructure and students life a memorable one. He also showed his strong commitment in giving back to his alma mater. A Guest Speaker Session arranged by Mr. Farooq Ahmad Randhawa on Leadership Development for (MBA-3A)-Mr Sohail Rizvi is a renowned HR Professional and Trainer with over 40 years of experience (including almost 20 years in USA). He also remained visiting faculty member at FAST School of Management alongside UMT, UET, Punjab University & and many other renowned institutions. Fast Creative Society , mustering up its entire creative output and phenomenal energy, recently Welcomed Batches 2020 and 2021 to an unforgettable evening as the Front Lawn dazzled with glistening lights, arresting people with its distinguished charm. A fun-filled event that superseded everyone's expectations, here are a few highlights! The IEEE NUCES Lahore sponsored CS-GO tournament was a big hit. The two day event saw 9 teams going head to head to determine the best CS-GO team for FAST. Fighters gave it their all, and despite their valiant efforts, only one was crowned the victor. We at IEEE NUCES, cannot be more proud of our gaming team for making this event a reality, and present to you the highlights … Career Counselling Society arranged a seminar session on 23rd November 2021 i.e., Tuesday to talk about the Empower to Lead (E2L) initiative of Fatima Group of companies and the thorough understanding of Fatima Group’s operations and employment opportunities. And this seminar consisted of our esteemed guest Omair Bukhari, a professional of his field and he will be sharing his insight into the world of recruitment for the fresh graduates of … SOFTEC organized a very insightful seminar in collaboration with HR Knowledge Café from OZI Group on November 25th, 2021. The panelists enlightened the audience about how the pandemic has affected the working of the professional world and how we need to adapt to it and use it to our benefit. Looking forward to many more beneficial seminars and panel talks in the future. For now, here are some clicks from … One day industrial visit to Tarbela Dam arranged by Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE NUCES - Student Chapter) under the Industrial/Field Visit Programme initiative of Civil Engineering Department. Tarbela dam is one of the largest man-made dams in the world situated on the right bank of river indus. The dam shows a true symbolic wonder of Civil Engineering marvel. The visit included a comprehensive tour of Tarbela Power House, Right … SOFTEC, hosted its orientation on 18th of November, 2021.The ceremony began with the audience standing up for the national anthem of Pakistan and Recitation of Holy Qur’an. After that, Dr. Kashif Zafar came on stage to enlighten the audience about what one’s goals and aspirations should be for them to become a successful person. He was quoted saying “success is not related to just one parameter, success is everything”. Moving on, … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU brought the idea of Amazon to our university. As professionals from E-skill were with us on 16 November, 2021. Various aspects of Amazon FBA's working and functions were discussed. The guests shared their stories and students cleared all their queries about a career with Amazon Keeping the adventurous spirit of FASTians alive, NFT - NUCES Fun Trekkers Official society on Sunday 14th November organised a successful trip to a breathtaking valley of lakes and springs, lush green fields and an awe-inspiring landscape...Can you guess which place it was? It was indeed Soon Valley in Khushab District in Naushera in Northern Punjab! Containing the highest peaks in the Salt range, it thrilled our students and … Sheikh Salman brings over 14+ years of IT industry experience accumulated across US Europe globally. He has recently joined Systems Limited as a Head of product support. Prior to joining Systems limited he was the Head of service delivery at Next-generation Technology solutions, Senior Manager Product Technology and Operations at Nielsen, Service delivery Manager and Release Manager at Telenor Group, System Analyst at IBEX global and RF Engineer at AT&T … The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. To answer the queries of students regarding CSS, ASCE NUCES Chapter invited Hashim Masood , 15th position holder in CSS '20 to share his own experience and tips to ace CSS. A large mass of CSS Aspirants gathered at the auditorium to seek guidance. The seminar went really well and all the enthusiastic students were deeply involved in the seminar. … DramaF, in collaboration with Fast Care, organised pink day at University on November 1st,2021. Through a play, Umeed e Sehr, written by the very talented Mahreen Ghafoor, DramaF Senior Vice President, our drama team did a remarkable job at creating awareness amongst the students about breast cancer campaign. It is the need of the hour for people to be woke about such stereotyped topics and DramaF through art is rightly … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU in collaboration with FAST Career Services Office Lahore hosted KIPS College Girls, Gulberg Campus for a day. The guests were shown around the campus, given guidance regarding admission and give a glimpse of the campus life at FAST Lahore. The team made sure that the students were given motivation and answers, in order to prepare them for their undergrad journey. On 4th November 2021, IEEE-NUCES Lahore Branch conducted a very successful PYTHON WORKSHOP in the CS-9 lab of the FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus. The preparations for the event were commenced a week before the event date. To begin with, invitations of the workshop were mailed to the student body to ensure that they mark their calendars. In addition to this, banners specifically designed as an invitation to the workshop were hung … As you know we successfully carried out a Photowalk on 7th of November’21. I am attaching the pictures along with the post event report for it. NMG, in collaboration with FPS from Islamabad Campus, conducted a photowak through the streets of Old Lahore. The event was sponsored by Nikon Pakistan. The students from Islamabad and Lahore campuses were served with the breakfast to kickstart the event. Students and the executive members of … "To strive, To seek, To find... and not to yield" This was the motto of FAST Care's "Event: Pink Ribbon", conducted in collaboration with Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital! The event was indeed a success as the audience found themselves absorbed in all the information Shaukat Khanum team delivered! The audience found themselves in awe as DramaF presented a beautiful mime, named "Umeed-e-Sehr", written and directed by the very talented … Character Building Society conducted an event "Khud ki Pukaar" in partnership with the Pukaar Community. During the session, the Pukaar Community experts addressed the mental health stigmas and how to deal with them. The event started with a short introduction of CBS by the president, Syed Muhammad Ali Mustafa. He explained what CBS is and what kind of events are conducted by the society. The speakers of the session were … The long wait comes to an end! Presenting to you our pandemic batch, Batch '20! These folks weren't able to have their batch photo taken when it was time, due to the covid crisis. But they weren't forgotten, as NMG continued the tradition and brought them the opportunity to create this collective batch memory too! A big thank you for all those who joined us and NMG hopes this will … All smiles and a good time with our batch '21 The wait is finally over! Presenting to you the official batch photo for the Class of '21 Thanks to everyone who joined us and to the efforts of our NMG members for a successful batch photo event And remember; it is the people we meet along the way that help us appreciate the journey, a journey that has just begun … The Graphic Designing Workshop hosted by NMG was an exemplary opportunity for all the eager learners out there to boost their creativity. We are dedicated to bring more such great opportunities for you in the future. Stay tuned for updates regarding our upcoming projects! Lahore Division Commissioner Capt (retd) Muhammad Usman kickstarted the door to door coronavirus vaccination campaign under the “Lahore Gets Vaccinated Internship Programme”.The Punjab government has decided to mobilise 1,400 university students to initiate door to door coronavirus vaccination drive. The campaign started on 20 th September 2021. The students of our University took actively part in the internship Batch 2019! The wait is finally over, we are presenting to you the batch photo’19. We are thankful to you all for participating and making this successful. We appreciate the enthusiasm, eagerness, keenness and energy you all showed during this time. Also, hats off to entire NMG team for making it interesting. Hope to do more joyous events soon! Lahore Division Commissioner Capt (retd) Muhammad Usman kickstarted the door to door coronavirus vaccination campaign under the “Lahore Gets Vaccinated Internship Programme”. The Punjab government has decided to mobilise 1,400 university students to initiate door to door coronavirus vaccination drive. The campaign started on 20th September 2021. The students of our University took actively part in the internship IEEE-NUCES Lahore Branch celebrated IEEE Day on 12th October 2021. It was organized in the FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus and was conducted in New Auditorium. The event comprised of two sessions i.e., an Orientation Session and a Freelancing Seminar. Moreover, the IEEE team put an immense amount of effort into decorating the New Auditorium and promoting the event. The event was conducted in the following manner: Career Counselling Society, in collaboration with Career Services Office, arranged a seminar session on 13 October, 2021 to have a thorough insight into career-related issues of fresh graduates. The seminar was presided over by Mr. Faraz Shahid, Head of HR. Mr. Shahid was accompanied by Ms. Hira Shakoor, a member of the recruitment team at Sapphire Textiles.  The webinar started with a slight delay at 10:45 am. The reasons for … Google Developers Student Club Chapter at Fast NU organized an Info Session on Cloud Computing under the advisorship of HOD CS Dept. Dr. Kashif Zafar. The event was attended by the Director of FAST NU Lahore Campus Dr. Hammad Naveed. The Guest Speaker was Mr. Talha Naveed Ghauri, an Alumni of FAST and Application Development Lead from Microsoft. Mr. Talha Naveed delivered a highly informative session covering Cloud Basics and … Career Counselling Society arranged a webinar session on 1 October, 2021 to talk about the importance of freelancing for women. The webinar witnessed the presence of a pioneer entrepreneur, the Co-founder of Elle Tech and an alumnus of FAST, Miss Syeda Mehak.The webinar started on the scheduled time, 10:00 am and thus, went according to the proposed time. The idea was to introduce the female students to freelancing and guide … World Environmental Health Day 26th September has by the International Federation of Environmental Health has been declared ‘World Environment Health Day’ to be celebrated every year. We are going through difficult times, due to COVID-19, declared by the WHO as Pandemic. This Pandemic has come to demonstrate the vital role of the Environmental Health workforce worldwide to face this challenging time for all of humanity. It is necessary to accept … Dr. Summaira Sarfraz, Dean Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, was a Guest Speaker in An Hour With The Guest program hosted by National Highway and Motorway Police. The IGP Dr Syed Kaleem Imam welcomed Dr Summaira Sarfraz to the virtual session. In his welcoming remarks Dr Kaleem lauded the efforts made by the English faculty of NUCES Lahore campus in providing training to the NHMP senior Master Trainers. He further shared … Happy Women's Day to all the incredible women! Shine on.... Not just today but everyday! FAST NUCES Lahore wishes you a Happy International Women’s Day! As part of the first-ever collaboration between FAST National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and National Highway and Motorway Police (NHMP), the ‘Ten-Day Communication Skills Training’ was conducted at Lahore campus from Jan 25 – Feb 04, 2021. Seventeen Senior Patrolling Officers from NHMP Training College, Sheikhupura, participated in the training. The training was conducted by the English faculty headed by Dr. Summaira Sarfraz. The Commandant NHMP Training … "Cracking The Code" This session is designed to add value for students who are about to embark on their professional journey and are excited to land their first job. Speaker: Mr. Junaid Asrar Khan Head of Talent Acquisition & Sustainability, Fatima Group Get yourself register for the session: https://forms.gle/a1MmnSDc3j9vJnV4A Do you want to become part of the Unilever Future Leaders Programme and the Unilever Leadership Internship Programme ? Join us for a virtual campus drive today Monday, February 15, 2021 16:00 to 18:00 hrs The session will be conducted on MS Teams so ensure that you have the application installed on your devices. You can join the session using the link below: https://bit.ly/3pgoIf0 As part of MoU with NHMP, the senior faculty members of FAST NU, Lahore visited NHMP Training College. The faculty members visited different class rooms, monitored training activities and gave their feedback. The faculty members also visited different training facilities of the College. Later, in An Hour With Guest session, Dr. Sumaira Sarfraz delivered a comprehensive lecture on Effective Communication & Media Handling. The faculty appreciated the methods and means … As part of the first-ever collaboration between FAST National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and National Highway and Motorway Police (NHMP), the ‘Ten-Day Communication Skills Training’ was conducted at Lahore campus from Dec. 07 – 18, 2020. Thirteen Senior Patrolling Officers from NHMP Training College, Sheikhupura, participated in the training. The training was conducted by the English faculty headed by Prof. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz. The sessions covered soft … MOU signing ceremony between National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and Startup Grind, Lahore to promote collaboration in the areas of research projects, entrepreneurial workshops and competitions MOU signing ceremony between National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and National Engineering Services Pakistan (NESPAK) Lahore to promote collaboration in the areas of research projects, workshops and trainings. Dr. Hamid Hassan, Director FAST NUCES Lahore campus inaugurated the newly constructed Mac Lab at FAST School of Computing (FSC). This lab is a valuable addition to FSC's technical infrastructure and is expected to facilitate our students in key industry-relevant courses and projects. Prize Distribution Ceremony of IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan 2019-2020 was conducted on 1st October, 2020 for Mohammad Badar Ud Din of FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences, Lahore Campus who secured 7th position in IEEE Xplore IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan 2019-2020. The “IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan” was designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan and to … FAST NUCES Lahore and FAST School of Management warmly welcomes its new students. Here is a quick glimpse of the Orientations for BBS, BS(AF), MBA and MS(AF) Batch 2020 keeping in view all the SoPs for COVID-19. FAST NUCES Lahore and Department of Computer Science warmly welcomes its new students. Here is a quick glimpse of the Orientations for BS(CS), BS(SE) and BS(DS) Batch 2020 keeping in view all the SoPs for COVID-19. MOU signing ceremony between National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES), Lahore and National Highways & Motorway Police (NHMP), Sheikhupura to promote collaboration in the areas of research projects and training. Study Trips & Industrial Trips. The multi-award-winning society "DramaF" from FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus invites you all at the 14th Annual All Pakistan Drama Festival 2020. With a series of applaudable performances from our honorable teams from various institutions all over Pakistan, this will surely be an unmissable event. A seminar on "Women's Role in Corporate Leadership" in connection with the International Women's Day 2020, was jointly organized by the Startup Grind Lahore and FAST NUCES Lahore with the help of the Character Building Society and FAST Care. The seminar included female speakers with extraordinary credentials! who have stood the test of time and are, indeed, good role models for every woman who is struggling one way or another … We are here with an amazing one day trip to Kartarpur. We'll be providing snack boxes especially from Bundu Khan, we'll also have our brunch at an amazing place where we'll have a music Eve later. So don't miss this amazing chance or you'll keep worrying about what question went wrong in the mids. Just a little information guys, the desk would not be there on Monday and Tuesday due … Geek Week is NUCES ACM's annual flagship event. It's a place where geeks and techies from all over the country gather to impart and gain knowledge, and also to test themselves in a variety of ways such as programming competitions, gaming competitions like CS GO, Tekken 7, Chess and much more. Geek Week 2020 will also be host to numerous tech-oriented seminars which will no doubt be beneficial to all … FAST NUCES Lahore is ready to announce the UBL Tech Talent Hunt Program for its students. UBL aims to recruit Technology graduates with the right skill set, helping them achieve their highest potential. Mr. Nabeel A. Qadeer, Chair of UNCTAD-Commonwealth Entrepreneurship Project, Chairman & CEO, Commonwealth Youth Innovation Hub Pakistan will be speaking on Leadership and Entrepreneurship to give students a perspective on how to set the right direction for their careers. Mr. Nabeel A. Qadeer is a Pakistani entrepreneur, television anchor, content producer, and lecturer. His efforts to promote entrepreneurship and to catalyze the startup ecosystem took shape in Idea Croron Ka … A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well … Character Building Society had a poetry recitation (مشاعرہ) titled اچھی بات شاعری کے ساتھ)۔ We are thankful to all the portal who participated especially Ms. Rukhsar Fatima (Director Zauk, LUMS literary society) and Mr. Abdul Sattar from FAST-NUCES. This event was the result of the tireless efforts of the members of Character Building Society - FAST Lahore. FAST NUCES Lahore and Meezan Bank Ltd have organized an auspicious Seminar on Islamic Banking & Finance by Mufti Uzair Ashraf Usmani for you all. Mark your calendars! The seminar details are as follows. Date: February 12, 2020 (Wednesday) Time: 03:00 PM Venue: Old Auditorium Technosoft Solutions is a software development organization that is at the forefront of Healthcare Software Development and Integration Services. Every year, the Technosoft team employs and hunts down top talent in software development from all esteemed academic institutions. This year, on their hunt for bright and ambitious talent TechnoSoft will be organizing an on-campus Recruitment test. So, Gear up and don't miss out on this exciting opportunity. Graduating students are … On behalf of the VOICE debating society We welcome you all to yet another edition of the All Pakistan FAST Debating Championship was held at FAST-NU, Lahore on 7th February - 9th February. Mr. Monis Rahman, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at Rozee.pk has been invited to FAST NUCES Lahore for a guest speaker session. He will be sharing some insights on How to Search Job after Graduation. FAST Sports Gala is back with it's 17th sporting extravaganza of Companies. Sports include:  Cricket - 6 aside Tape Ball (Male)  Table Tennis (Team event: Male, Female)  Volleyball- 6 aside (Male)  Badminton (Team Event: Male, Female)  Futsal – 5 aside (Male)  Arm Wrestling (Male)  Chess (Male)  Foosball  Fifa 20  Tekken 7 *Certain sports events will be subject to the number … Here is a glimpse of E2L 2020 - MTO & GTE Recruitment Drive by Fatima Group. Thank you for such an amazing Recruitment Drive. Mr. Mujahid Pervaiz, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at LESCO has been invited to FAST NUCES Lahore by the Electrical Engineering Department for a guest speaker session. Mr. Mujahid Pervaiz will be sharing insights of LESCO with you all. CareForAll2019-20 is back with a bang this year! The purpose of this event is to engage you in inspiring talks by well-known personalities on important and neglected issues of societies. We are underscoring “Social Welfare” as a topic this year. We also have many exciting socials that will help you make the most out of your experience so be sure not to miss out on this great opportunity to contribute … FAST School of Management has invited Dr. Usman Sana, BDS FCPS (Operative dentistry) and Teacher, Coach, Systemist at CEO; US Life Coaching Company for a guest speaker session on Life purpose and its ethical implications in work/business. Sciences and Humanities Department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore hosted and organized the 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization (CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization will be held on January 24, 2020, at FAST National University Lahore Campus. The main theme of the conference focuses on regional integration and globalization as significant indicators in assessing the linguistic challenges we face today. The conference aims to provide a platform for researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original … FAST School of Management has arranged a Seminar on Challenges in Writing and Publishing High-Quality Research by Dr. Sabri Boubake (Professor of Finance at EM Normandie Business School). He is also a Research Fellow at the Institut de Recherche en Gestion (University of Paris Est). Dr. Sabri holds a Ph.D. in Finance from the University of Paris Est (2006, nominated for the IFA Best Thesis Award) and an HDR degree … SOFTEC is conducting an informative workshop and seminar. The details are given below: Cyber Security Seminar Date: 6th January 2020 Time: 12: 30 pm - 4: 30 pm Fee: None Content Covered in the Seminar: · Data importance and how it’s converted to money · Cybercrime techniques and preventive measures · Future directions in cybersecurity fields · Job openings and startup options in cybersecurity · Past, current, and future malware … FAST Alumni Homecoming 2020 is here to bring you back the cocktail of memories and emotions, just the way you left it at FAST! Alumni are invited for a reunion to celebrate, apprise and interact with old friends and make new ones. This homecoming would not only be a chance to meet up and network with your batch mates and instructors; but also an opportunity to see how the university … The WordPress community is organizing a one-day event on Sunday 1st December 2019 at FAST-NUCES Lahore. The participation fee is Rs.1000/- It is discounted for FAST students to Rs. 500/- which includes breakfast, lunch, dinner, a T-shirt, and a key-chain. If anyone is interested in avail of this discount, please apply online today. To buy the ticket simply visit the website https://bit.ly/2Op8ql6 and use the coupon fast_nu Students with a … FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to Gallup for a marketing course. The purpose of this visit was to provide them the exposure to the real-world and get them a better understanding of corporate management and analytics. Senior members from Gallup concluded the tour by briefing about the workflow and organization strategies as well. FAST School of Management invited Mr. Omair Bukhari, Head of IT Operations from Fatima Group for a guest speaker session. He shared some amazing E2L Program Insights with the audience. Empowering to Lead the Youth NUCES Media Group (NMG) - Literary Magazine FAST Stellar 2019 Click here to View And Download FAST School of Management organized an industrial visit to Metro Cash and Carry Pakistan for Fundamentals of Management course. The purpose of the visit was to help students understand corporate business processes in a real-time environment. The visit started off with a tour of the facility. Ms. Ruha Khawaja, the Floor Manager briefed students about the front end, back end functions, stock management, supply chain management, and business operations. The … ACCA held an Engagement Session with BS (A&F) graduating batch at FAST NUCESLahore campus. Ms. Sabahat Khan, Senior Manager Education-North, ACCA Pakistan, delivered a presentation on ACCA which was followed by a lively Q&A session. Therapy Talk on Social Anxiety was arranged by the Pukaar Community (Startup of our Alumni). Mrs.Raheela Tariq from the Humanities Department of FAST-NU Lahore; who is the Consultant Psychologist of Pukaar addressed the audience on this social stigma. FAST School of Management for the course of strategic management visited Honda Atlas as part of their industrial trip. The trip revolved around the production plant of Honda Atlas Cars located in Lahore. The main goal of the trip was to see how various strategies are integrated by Honda in its production lines to achieve operational excellence. The students also wanted to know what strategies Honda implemented to gain a … FAST-NUCES Lahore in collaboration with WWF has arranged this workshop on "Water, Climate, and Energy Status of Pakistan". The speakers are from WWF and sister organizations. There is no registration fee and participation certificates may be made available on request. FAST School of Management in Collaboration with SMEDA Presents to you, an interactive session by a renowned Corporate Executive, Mr. Tahir Mahmood Chaudhry. Currently, he is serving as the Director of Ovex Technologies, Chief Executive at Falcon Engineering, President of the Career Development Association, President And CEO of Pakistan Institute of Entrepreneurship, and has contributed to several other organizations as well. He holds vast knowledge in the fields of Corporate … First FAST Business Research Conference (FBRC) hosted by the FAST School of Management, National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore-Campus Students of FAST School of Management, for the course of Strategic Management, visited Tetra Pak, in Sundar Industrial Estate, Lahore. The purpose of this visit was to take the students out of the classrooms and give them an insight into the practical world and understanding of real-world business practices. Welcome 2019 Ms. Haleema Tariq Ameen (Marketing Manager Reem Rice mills (Pvt.)) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on Management Practices for Organizational Effectiveness. We thank her for making herself available for this wonderful informative session. FAST Care, in collaboration with Shaukat Khanum, has Blood Donation Drive on campus on 31st October 2019. Donate your blood and make a difference. Mr. Khawaja Hammad Haider (Head of Marketing Pakwheels.com) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on E-Commerce And data utilization in marketing. Mr. Essa Jan Allawala, CEO of Training Impact Pvt. Ltd was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on "What's missing in Recruitment?" We admire him for making himself available for this wonderful informative session. FAST School of Management had successfully held a seminar on ‘Strategic Management: How Business Students Can Create Winning Marketing Strategies’. The keynote was conveyed by Mr. Ammar Mursalin, the incumbent Marketing Manager at Tetra Pak. Mr. Mursalin was a credible speaker on the aforementioned theme, as he has built an inspiring career in the field of marketing. Being an MBA alumnus from IBA, he has more than 12 years of … This talk is an opportunity for all the students of FAST-NU to come and reap benefits out from one of the top business executives and corporate thought influences on Pakistan. These keynotes are extremely beneficial for FAST students as they provide a platform through which students can engage with the corporate world and use what they've learned to mold their own futures and kick start their own careers. We highly … Talent Hunt - Theme of the year KASHMIR Dramaf held its very first Talent Hunt on 23rd October. Dramaf team joined with Fast Music Society held a mini-concert. Both of the societies gave their tribute to Kashmir and showed their solidarity with the people of Kashmir. They proved that the youth of Pakistan didn’t forget about people of Kashmir and are standing with them. Talent Hunt attracted a lot of brilliant and jaw-dropping talent. The audience was left … Quarterly Debate - Kashmir FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to HRSG. FAST School of Management in collaboration with Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) arranged an educational trip to the Regional Stock Exchange on Wednesday, 16th October. Students from BSAF (Section A and B) participated with full zeal and zest. There were two keynote speakers at the Pakistan Stock Exchange: Mr. Sarmad Hussain, PSX Regional Head, Lahore Exchange, and Mr. Awais Ali, Deputy Director (Securities Market Division) SECP, who briefed the students about … Team Alpha of Strategic Management course at FAST School of Management organized an interactive seminar, revolving around Operational Excellence and Lean Management. With an audience of around 150+ students, it was a brilliant learning experience and a glimpse into strategic management in the corporate world. Our esteemed guest speaker, Dr. Sohail Nadeem, Six Sigma and Lean Leader from Nestlé's Operations Management, astounded the audience with outstanding knowledge of lean principles … FAST Sports Society brings Intra-FAST Futsal Tournament 2019 The session was delivered by Osama Naseem, SEO manager at Ascertia. The speaker discussed the importance of digital marketing, Search Engine Optimization (SEO) as well as the impact of digital marketing and the expertise needed for the changing times. Events of Societies (Spring 2019) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. FAST sports society brings you Intra-university Arm Wrestling trials for Men and Women The session was delivered by our Chairperson Muhammad Gulzaib who gave an in-depth review of the book “Start-Up Insider by Kevin Ready” was the first among book review sessions introduced by the society. The purpose of the session was to emphasize the benefits of book reading as well as build a book club community inside the university. Events of Societies (Fall 2018) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. FAST School of Management invited Mr. Farooq A. Randhawa Additional Director (HR & Admin) at Punjab Healthcare Commission (PHC) for a guest speaker session on HR Analytics. Career Counseling Society brings you an exciting opportunity to meet and interact with our very talented alumnus, AZAZ AHMAD GHUMMAN. This session has been arranged for aspiring students who wish to join the industry after completing their studies. Do you think there is a gap between your knowledge and the market demand? If you don’t know the answer, or if you think there is, be sure to join this session … Mr. Atif Tufail (Chief HR Officer) from Akhuwat was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on workforce planning & its alignment with business strategy. Industrial visit to Nextbridge The session was delivered by Waleed Shahid. Our guest speaker provided valuable guidance on successfully scoring an admission in your desired foreign university. Moreover, he discussed how to perfect your personal statement, make an eye- catching resume, the kind of recommendations to have and much more. The Defence Day was commemorated with full fervour by Idyllic Youth FAST - NUCES at FAST NUCES Lahore, to remember the sacrifices made by our ancestors, and how the history was made on 6th September. Honorable guests included Mir Muhammad Ali khan, who has worked as an investment banker in wall street and delivered many keynotes speeches. The second guest was honorable Dr. Rafiq Ahmed, who had played an instrumental … FAST NUCES Lahore observed Day of Solidarity with people of Occupied Kashmir on 30th August 2019 from 12:00 PM to 12:30 PM as per directives of Government of Pakistan. All the students, faculty members, and admin staff were assembled outside Syed Refaqat Auditorium at 12:00 PM carrying both Pakistani and Kashmiri flags. National anthems of Pakistan and Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK) played in a show of solidarity with the … Character Building Society (CBS) FAST NUCES Lahore organized a seminar on "Anti-Corruption Awareness and Role of NAB in Eradication of Corruption". Honorable Director & Deputy Director of NAB Lahore gave a talk to create awareness among the students for how to eliminate corruption from our society through anti-corruption measures. FAST NUCES Lahore Organized Tree Plantation Activity on its campus on 20th August 2019 under the supervision of Dr. Hamid Hassan (Director Campus) and Dr. Amjad Hussain. Senior faculty members and students participated, in the activity of making Pakistan Green by planting 15 Lemon trees and 2 Olive trees around the campus. The purpose of this activity was to create awareness and a sense of responsibility towards the betterment of … FAST NUCES Lahore and Department of Computer Science conducted Orientation for BS(CS) Batch 2019. Dr. Ali Afzal Malik along with all senior faculty members of the CS Department were also present in the orientation. Our 59th convocation was held on 8th August 2019. The honorable rector of FAST University Dr. Muhammad Ayub Alvi was the chief guest at the event. The convocation event was divided into 4 sessions. 1st was started at 9:0 A.M. in which all postgraduates and PhD students were invited. Approximately 140 graduates received their degrees on that day. The toppers of all disciplines also got their medals in this session. … Admission Tests for Fall 2019 were conducted at FAST NUCES Lahore campus. The tests were scheduled for multiple days catering to large numbers of students seeking admission at FAST NUCES for various Bachelors and Masters Programs. SOFTEC, Software Exhibition and Competition, is an annual event held at the National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences Lahore, Pakistan. The event contributes towards the advancement of technology and research in Pakistan’s IT industry. The event provides a platform recognizing talent, a forum for the exchange of ideas and an opportunity for students with a passion for IT to interact with professionals from all over the globe. The event … As a part of their course deliverable, team Shajar-e-Umeed has yet again set the benchmark very high by hosting a seasoned entrepreneur, venture capitalist, and leading expert, Mr. Monis Rahman. Being a CEO of Pakistan’s top employment website Rozee.pk and a party to other great ventures such as FINGA and Easy Ticketing, he enlightened the young entrepreneurs of FAST-NU Lahore with latest economic trends in Pakistan that are creating opportunities … The Graduating batch, Team Shajar-e- Umeed organized another great session at FSM with the help of SMEDA, a seminar on "Entrepreneurship as a Viable Career Option" as part of their social entrepreneurship project and course deliverable. It was another learning experience on how to practically implement new ideas and to do actionable interventions in today’s business environment. Areas covered in this discussion were: • Understanding the importance and concepts of … Entrepreneurs of Shajar-e-Umeed at FSM visited Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) to attend a seminar on “How to Be Successful Entrepreneurs” as part of the course deliverable for Entrepreneurship. LCCI aims to be the finest organization to serve the business community and to conduct its practices in the best possible professional manner. It acts as a bridge between the business community and regulatory bodies for policy advocacy. LCCI … Job Fair 2019 was organized by career counseling society of FAST-NU Lahore on 20th February 2019. With over 130 companies, this year’s Job Fair was one of the biggest ones that anyone has ever witnessed here at FAST. The companies that attended, belonged to diverse domains. Students from all five disciplines attended and gained benefits from it. The event offered them a chance to interact with representatives of companies. They … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Last date for submission of applications is extended to October 18, 2024. All undergraduate students of Batch 2024 can apply for Chief Minister’s Punjab Honhaar undergraduate scholarship program, which is being offered on merit basis. The eligibility criteria has been mentioned in the attached advertisement. Kindly note that the last date for the submission of application is October 15, 2024.  The scholarship is only for undergraduate students of Batch 2024. A delegation from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) visited FAST NUCES Lahore on March 26, 2024. Mr. Yoichi Kogure (Deputy Team Leader, ICT Industrial Collaboration) led his team in briefing the host team about the project while Mr. Hiroshi Jogasaki (Technical Adviser on ICT industry development in Pakistan) and Mr. Hisashi Ogiso (Founder & CEO, Strategy & Design Labo. Inc) talked about different aspects of the project. The exchange of … International Students Enrollment in MS Applied Linguistics Degree Program. Another milestone achieved! Students from Azerbaijan University of Languages are enrolled in Computational Linguistics course of MS Applied Linguistics Degree program in Spring'24. The course is conducted by Dr Aamir Wali, HoD Al & DS, and Ms Javeria Naeem. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz Director Campus Lahore welcomed the first session and highlighted the importance of Computational L:inguistics. The initiative is a part … As a part of International Research Collaboration, Dr Summaira Sarfraz visited Azerbaijan University of Languages, Baku and conducted research seminars on Corpus Linguistics, Translation Studies, Research Methodology in Applied Linguistics and faculty development workshops. During her weeklong stay at Azerbaijan University of Languages Dr Summaira also visited Pakistan Center, Phonology and PhoneticsCenter and interacted with the students. The visit was concluded with the final meeting with ADU Rector Mr Kamal … Self-Assessment visit of the BS-Data Science program was held on 27th December 2023. Dr. Aamir Wali (Professor), Dr. Maryam Bashir (Assistant Professor) and Dr. Mirza Mubasher Baig (Assistant Professor) FAST School of Computing were program team members. Dr Muhammad Shoaib Farooq, Professor & Chairperson, Department of Artificial Intelligence, School of Systems and Technology, UMT, Lahore was invited as external evaluator. Dr. Zeeshan Ali Rana, Assistant Professor, Department of Software Engineering, NUCES, Lahore was an internal evaluator. In … We are pleased to announce that Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as the new Director of FAST NUCES, Lahore making history as the first female director of Lahore Campus. Dr. Summaira joined Lahore Campus in June 1996. She completed her PhD degree in November 2013. She remained the HoD of Sciences and Humanities for two terms. She is currently serving as Dean Sciences and Humanities. Ever since her joining … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with Haji Aziz Foundation on December 05, 2023 to establish a scholarship program and provide financial assistance to deserving students. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director Lahore Campus welcomed the distinguished guest Mr. Umair Majeed (CEO) Datics AI along with his team and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects and supporting underprivileged students. This MoU aims to support/finance … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with DS Group of Companies to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with hands-on experience through the latest technologies. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director Campus, and Dr. Saima Zafar, Head of Electrical Engineering Department welcomed the distinguished guest Mr. Zain Ul Abedin (COO) along with his team and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to … Self-Assessment visit of MS and PhD Computer Science programs was held on 07th November 2023. Dr. Kashif Zafar (Professor) and Dr. Zareen Alamgir (Associate Professor), Department of Computer Science were program team members. Dr. Rehan Hafiz (Professor, Department of Computer and Software Engineering ITU, Lahore) was invited as external evaluator. Dr. Ali Afzal Malik (Assistant Professor, Department of Software Engineering, FAST NUCES Lahore) was internal evaluator. In the start, a … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with Kashf Foundation to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with hands-on experience through the latest technologies. Dr Hammad Naveed, Director Campus, and Dr. Kashif Zafar, Head of School of Computing welcomed the distinguished guest Mr. Faisal Malik along with his team and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to internships, supporting youth particularly … We are pleased to formally announce that the National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES), Lahore Campus has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Innova Labs and Diagnostics, 882-C, Faisal Town Lahore for 30% lab test discounts for its Faculty, Staff, and Students. To avail the discount, simply present a valid university ID card at INNOVA Labs' counter. FAST National University, Lahore partnered with Programmers Force to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Syed Waqar Ahmed Bukhari Director HR, Programmers Force along with his team visited FAST NUCES Lahore and discussed different aspects of collaboration with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. The discussion focused on setting up a training lab called "PF Technology Training Lab" equipped with MacBooks for training and … FAST National University, Lahore Campus signed an MoU with Ebryx Pvt. Ltd. to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Ibrar Ahmed (Director HR, Ebryx Pvt. Ltd.) and his team briefed Dr. Hammad Naveed (Director FAST National University Lahore Campus) over the projects and initiative they are interested to undertake with FAST-NU. Dr. Hammad Naveed and Dr. Kashif Zafar (Professor and Head, School of Computing) … MBA FYP at FAST School of Management, Lahore won the second place in pitching competition with a funding of PKR 0.5 Million. ‘Green HR Solution,’ a startup business that provides sustainable human resources solutions to businesses, won second place in the Prime Minister Innovation Fund. The position came with the funding of Rs. 0.5 million to this new startup. Green HR Solution was founded by our MBA student Ms Alishba … QEC FAST National University, Lahore conducted the Self-Assessment Visit of MS - Business Analytics Program on 10th August 2023. Dr. Ussama Yaqub, Assistant Professor, Suleman Dawood School of Business, LUMS, Lahore was invited as an external evaluator. Dr. Aamir Wali, Associate Professor and HoD Department of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science, FAST Lahore was internal evaluator. Assessment Team presented their findings in exit meeting to Director Campus Dr. Hammad Naveed, … IEEE Nuces extraordinary moment of triumph and technological breakthrough! Excited and humbled to announce that Our students have secured the Guinness World Record for crafting the smallest humanoid robot, pushing the boundaries of innovation to new heights!This remarkable achievement would not have been possible without the invaluable support and inspiration from the incredible minds at the IEEE NUCES Society, whose guidance and expertise paved the way for this groundbreaking endeavor. … Dr. Eike Post Preischaft and Muhammad Fahad Javed (NUCES, Alum), co-founders Psychometrica visited FAST NUCES Lahore Campus on July 11, 2023. They discussed different avenues of collaboration to create employment opportunities and knowledge sharing, research partnerships leading to long lasting partnership between both the organizations. Learning about history can be a great deal of fun and knowledge of history produces better citizens, in so many ways. So Quality Enhancement Cell, FAST-NUCES Lahore planned a cultural walking tour for faculty, through the hustle and bustle of Androon Lahore to explore historical places together. The intention of this tour was to enhance cross departmental bonding and team building. National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences signs International Research Collaboration Agreement with Azerbaijan University of Languages for its MS in Applied Linguistics Degree Program. Azerbaijan University of Languages is one of the leading universities in Azerbaijan especially in the fields of Linguistics, Journalism, Regional studies, and international relations. It offers research focused graduate programs. The University has the Urdu language center and conducts regular activities for the students. Both universities agree to establish research collaboration in the areas of … The Department of Electrical Engineering of FAST NU Lahore campus supported the recruitment drive of 10XEngineers who work with fabless companies designing SoCs for Data centers, 5G, AI & Deep Learning applications. The department has industrial linkages with 10XEngineers. The department provided 10xEngineers with the venue, facilities, and support to conduct a technical assessment for multiple open positions in hardware design and verification, compiler development and image processing algorithm and … National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences signs International Research Collaboration Agreement with  Minsk State Linguistic University, Belarus for its MS in Applied Linguistics Degree Program. Minsk State Linguistic University, Belarus is one of the top public universities of Belarus with its major focus on teaching foreign languages and provide instruction in 18 different languages, including English, German, French, and Spanish. The university has the Urdu language center with aims … Mr. Faisal Malik CTO Kashf Foundation visited FAST NUCES Lahore Campus on June 21, 2023. He discussed different avenues of collaboration to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with the hands-on experience through the latest technologies. Dr. Kashif Zafar, Head of School of Computing welcomed the distinguished guest and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to internships, supporting youth particularly females fostering a strong … Dr. Summaira Sarfraz Professor, Dean Faculty of Sciences and Humanities participated in the VI International Conference “Heydar Aliyev: Ideology of Multiculturalism and Tolerance”, dedicated to the 100 th birth anniversary of the National Leader of Azerbaijan Heydar Aliyev , held on June 14, 2023. She gave presentation on Content Analysis of Single National Curriculum of English Course Using Dimensions of Multicultural Education in Pakistani Context. In her talk she highlighted that the education system … Mr. Steven Rynecki, Director of Climate & Sustainable Growth at the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) visited FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus on June 22, 2023. Dr. Hammad Naveed Director of FAST NUCES Lahore Campus, along with faculty members and senior industry representatives were invited to participate in an informal and fruitful discussion with Mr. Ryneck. The discussion focused on the intricate relationship between economic growth, sustainability, and the challenges … Career Services Office, FAST-NUCES, is honored to have Masooma Zeeshan (CEO Game Train) who joined us on June 15, 2023 for an awareness session on Game Development Bootcamp to be held soon at FAST-NUCES Lahore. She shared Game Train's story with the game enthusiasts sparking a flame of excitement for their future endeavor in Game Development/Design. On 16th June, 2023, the final year students of Electrical Engineering showcased their exceptional Final Year Projects for evaluation. It was a remarkable display of talent and innovation. The projects spanned across a wide range of domains within Electrical Engineering, incorporating cutting-edge technologies like the Internet of Things, Computer Vision, Power Systems, Machine and Deep Learning, Renewable Energy, Communication Systems, IC Design, and much more. The students poured their hearts … The 142nd Selection Board Meeting took place on June 13, 2023 (Tuesday) at the Lahore campus, with the aim of recruiting highly skilled faculty members. Dr. Aftab Ahmad Maroof, Rector of FAST-NUCES, chaired the meeting. Mr. Arshad Nasar, a member of the Board of Governors, along with the Campus Director (Dr Hammad Naveed), Heads of Departments (HODs), and Subject Experts, attended the meeting. The Registrar of the University attended the … FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited LAAM for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on June 12, 2023. The representatives held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited SolitonTechnologies for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on June 12, 2023. The representatives held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science and Software Engineering students. Participating in the AI Tech verse competition at NUST was a fantastic opportunity for me to showcase my knowledge and skills in the field of Artificial Intelligence. I was thrilled when my university sponsored me for the competition, and I eagerly prepared my idea for presentation. On the day of the competition, I arrived at NUST and was greeted with a warm welcome by the organizers. The competition was well-organized, … We are thrilled to announce that a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) has been signed between FAST-NUCES Lahore and IGDA-Pakistan(International Game Developers Association) to foster collaboration in the gaming industry. We were honored to have Mr. Ali Ihsan(Chairman of IGDA Pakistan, CEO of FRAG Games, Vice Chairman PASHA) and Dr. Hammad Naveed(Director of FAST-NUCES Lahore), as guests at the signing ceremony. Both parties are excited about the possibilities that this partnership … The IPE (Institutional Performance Evaluation) visit at FAST–NUCES Lahore Campus was conducted from 13 th to 15 th February 2023, based on Eleven Standards defined by Higher Education Commission (HEC) of Pakistan. This visit has been conducted in compliance with the annual HEC requirement for rating the institution by external evaluators. Ms. Mehr Jabeen Agha, Director QEC, University of Central Punjab, Lahore and Prof. Dr. Muhammad Arfan Jaffar, Dean CS … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES), Lahore Campus has signed an MoU with Niazi Hospital, Lahore for availing of OPD discount offers. 30% cash discount in OPD procedures & Lab tests for EMPLOYEES with their dependents (Parents, spouse, children) & 20% cash discount in OPD procedures & Lab tests for STUDENTS with their parents & siblings. Dr. Hammad Naveed (Director NUCES-FAST Lahore Campus) & Mr. Mubashir Ali (Corporate Manager, Niazi … A team from Innovative Research University (IRU) visited FAST NUCES. Dr. Amir Mahmood (Dean, School of Business, Western Sydney University ) and Ms. Sabeeh Qayoom (Country Director, IRU) had a meeting with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed and HoDs to discuss possible research collaborations in different areas, like joint supervision of students and exchange programs for students and faculty. An MoU was signed between National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES), Lahore and Alkhidmat Foundation Pakistan to promote academia industry linkages and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Rana Usman Wadood (General Secretary, Alkhidmat Foundation Central Punjab) and Dr. Hammad Naveed (Director NUCES-FAST Lahore Campus) discussed various aspects of cooperation to facilitate deprived and needy students passed from Alkhidmat Multiple Programs for financial assistance/scholarships. National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES), Lahore Campus partnered with DirAction Pvt. Limited to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Nabeel A Qadeer, CEO DirAction visited his alma mater and discussed the agenda with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. Dr. Hammad Naveed director FAST NUCES Lahore and Ms. Aqsa Sarfraz Manager Student Affairs is meeting with IGDA Chairman (Pakistan) Mr. Ali Ihsan to give better game development opportunities to students. Educative, Inc. partners with FAST-NUCES to provide international learning resources for their faculty development program. The two organisations have come together to address the growing demand of computer science skills in the Pakistani market by providing teachers access to the latest resources. "The partnership is helping us up skill our faculty members with the latest technologies. This is helping both in the personal development and professional development of the faculty … WE CARE To help the female students in feminine health and Hygiene Solutions, FAST NUCES joins hands with WONDER WOMEN and signs the MOU to provide health facilities to the female community on campus . As a part of the initiative ,the vending machine with specific female products is installed in the girls restroom. The initiative is a step in our resolve to provide all possible resources to our female … The evolution of games is now an essential option for careers within the twenty-first century. NUCES-FAST Lahore organized a Round Table Discussion where eminent experts from the gaming industry of Pakistan participated and provided valuable feedback on the future of gaming industry. Dr. Aftab Maroof, Rector, NUCES-FAST welcomed the guests and appreciated their time and input. "A team from Innovative Research Universities (IRU) visited NUCES-FAST, Lahore to develop strong research based linkages for IRU members universities. Dr. Omar Mubin, Associate Dean - Graduate Studies, School of Computer, Data & Mathematical Sciences, discussed different avenues of possible collaborations with NUCES-FAST, Lahore. National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES-FAST) Lahore and ArhamSoft Pvt Limited signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to promote joint Educational & Career Development to help students secure their future by imparting them with hands-on tools to make them employable and market ready. To this end ArhamSoft will conduct a bootcamp to train students on MERN Stack technologies at NUCES-FAST, Lahore. It gives us immense pleasure to announce that Swvl and NUCES-FAST Lahore have entered an agreement to provide dedicated services to the students of the university. We would like to express our gratitude to Swvl and look forward to a positive response from the students. Bookme.pk has joined NUCES-FAST Lahore as the official booking partner. The company shall be handling the ticketing and playing their role as we ensure this new service for our students/employee. MoU Signing Ceremony between FAST NUCES Lahore and Game Train! FAST NUCES Lahore and Game Train joined hands to build better game development opportunities for youth in Pakistan. The Stacks Pakistan FAST Capter held an online hackathon from 4-6 February, 2022. The team managed all the work from a lab on-campus. The event, Hack4Impact 3, was aimed at blockchain development and comprised of internal as well as external participants. MoU Signing Ceremony between FAST NUCES Lahore and Infinite ScaleUp, to promote academia industry linkages in the areas of training programs, short courses for professionals, undergraduate and graduate final year students of NUCES-FAST and other areas of mutual interest. Recently, Character Building Society organized an interactive and engaging session on "Governmental Facilitation For Emerging Entrepreneurs". The enlightening talk was given by none other than Omer Farooq Khan, Enforcement Officer to Commissioner Punjab Revenue Authority. The discussion centered around the correlation between sales tax on services and the thrilled audience was inspired to learn more about topics that are rarely discussed in seminars. FAST School of Computing is inviting applications for the faculty position  at all ranks as per guidelines of HEC.     Professor /Associate Professor /Assistant Professor PhD in the following or related areas:  Theoretical Computer Science, Software Engineering,  Human Computer Interaction, Information Security,  Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, Cloud Computing,  Image Processing, Game Development, etc.,  Teaching experience in: Object Oriented Programming,  Algorithms, Data Structures, Database Systems,  Operating Systems,  Distributed Computing, Computer Organization, … MoU signing between FAST-NUCES Lahore and Mindstorm Studios to promote industry-academia linkage on 29th September. JOB DESCRIPTION -Ensure implementation of Daycare policies & procedures. -Plan and implement activities to meet the physical, emotional, intellectual and social needs of the children. -Clearly and effectively communicate in a manner that children understand. -Maintain a safe and healthy environment. -Interact with the parents regarding all sorts of feedback and handling complaints. -Improving child behaviour. -Emergency medical procedures.   ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA -Atleast 2 years of experience in relevant field … Due to the prevalent situation of COVID-19, all trips are cancelled. BS ROBOTICS: A perfect program covers the methods used in designing robots and intelligent machines that operate in the natural environment with no (or little) human supervision. BS IOT: There are many reasons to launch a program in IOT including emergence of new technologies for sensing environments, human health awareness, smart technologies, cloud computing and development of small computer boards as enabling technologies to realize the infrastructure, and coming together … Business Analytics has emerged as a promising field, with an increasing level of digitization. Business analytics blends knowledge from Computer Sciences, Business and Statistics. It can be described as seeking business problem solutions using data analytics tools. The application of business analytics ranges from strategic to operational levels in the organizations. The increase in computing power and sophistication in data analytics provided by machine learning and artificial intelligence has given a boost … Kudos to FAST School of Management Students on securing second position in Pakistan's first data visualization competition - Infinity 21, organized by Peach Learning. Ms. Fatima Omer, has successfully defended her doctoral thesis in Management and HR. The title of her thesis is “Aligning Employees’ Preferences with Organizational Objectives”. Ms. Omer started her PhD under the supervision of Dr. Hamid Hassan. She has published a research paper in the international journal of “Review of International Business and Strategy”. Her published research work can be accessed here: https://doi.org/10.1108/RIBS-11-2017-0102. She is also involved as permanent faculty … Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department. She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language skills. CONGRATULATION ! Team (BBA-FAST SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT) for securing 2nd position in the final round of Unilever Talent Hunt 2020 (#UTH2020) from a total of 390 teams across Pakistan!! We are proud of you, keep the good work up ! Congratulations & Well Done ! Mr. Haseeb Saeed & Muhammad Shaharyar, for making us proud, keep the winning tradition alive!It gives us immense pleasure that our Computer Science students have secured 2nd position in the "Rookie Game Jam, 2020 competition organized by Mindstorm Studios.Over 700 participants all over Pakistan had applied for the program and only 40 students were able to complete the program. The program was offered in September-October … We are pleased to announce that Mr. Malik Zeeshan of BBA 2016 has been selected as Country Ambassador of Youth Opportunities from hundreds of applicants representing Pakistan. We congratulate him on his appointment and wish him good luck with this role. Spring 2021, MBA,MS & PhD Admissions are now open at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Last Date to Apply is December 31, 2020 To Apply Now Online, click: http://bit.ly/FASTNUApplyNow For more details, email at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk or call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 A prestigious FAST Ph.D. fellowship recipient Mr. Syed Shujaat Ali Shah has successfully defended his doctoral thesis. The title of his thesis is “The Influence of Corporate Social Responsibility and Perceived Firm Innovativeness on Customer Loyalty”. Mr. Shah started his Ph.D. program back in 2017 under the supervision of Dr. Zia Khan. During his Ph.D. journey, he has published a research paper in the International Journal of Bank Marketing (IJBM) … FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus visited National Highways and Motorway Police (NHMP) Training College Sheikhupura on 24 September 2020.   The FAST-NUCES representatives were briefed about the history and objectives of NHMP Training College. Very thoughtful discussions were made on the future course of action for mutual collaboration and support. FAST NUCES Lahore Organized Tree Plantation Activity on its campus on 21st August 2020 under the supervision of Dr. Hamid Hassan (Director Campus) and Dr. Amjad Hussain. Senior faculty members participated, in the activity of making Pakistan Green by planting few varieties of citrus fruit plants around the campus. The purpose of this activity was to create awareness and a sense of responsibility towards the betterment of society.   There … The Declaration of Selected/Test Qualified Candidates for MBA / MS (all disciplines) have been announced for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results.   For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk The Second Merit for BBA / BS programs have been announced  for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results.   For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk The Merit for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS have been announced for Admissions Fall 2020. Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results.   For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk FAST University’s NUCES ACM Lahore Chapter has for the 2nd time won the coveted international excellence award for “Outstanding Chapter Activities”. The ACM Student Chapter Excellence Awards are held every year in spring and recognize chapters that display considerable initiative during the year relating to their Activities, Recruitment, Website, Community Service, and School Service. The Outstanding Chapter Activities Award is given to chapters that sponsor a series of exceptional activities … The Department of Computer Science, National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (FAST-NUCES), Lahore campus invites applications for faculty positions at the ranks of Professor, Associate Professor, Assistant Professor, Lecturer, and Instructor. All faculty positions are offered in accordance with HEC faculty appointment criteria. Candidates with exceptional academic/professional profiles and a passion for teaching/research should send their latest CV and soft copies of their academic documents (transcripts, degrees, certificates, etc.) … A team of students from Batch '17 FAST-NUCES, Lahore has taken an initiative to provide the analysis of the situation in Pakistan during the COVID-19 epidemic. https://www.corona92.com/ is a student-led initiative that aims to provide statistical analysis on the outbreak of the raging COVID-19 in the country, through live data capture. They're constantly striving to attain newer and the most effective strategies for preventing it from spreading any further. The … With profound sorrow, we announce the sad demise of Dr. Rafique Ahmad (Member of Board of Governors of FAST, Member of Board of Trustees of University & Vice Chairman Nazaria-i-Pakistan Trust) on March 25, 2020. The University extends condolences to his family. May Allah grant eternal peace to the departed soul and fortitude to his family to bear the irreparable loss, Ameen. Muhammad Badar-ud-din (CS Student of Batch 16) has been declared one of the winners of IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan. Badar has been declared 7th in the overall competition and is the only FASTian to have won the challenge. The IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan is a new initiative designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan. The competition is designed to inspire innovation … This is to announce that Job Fair 2020 has been postponed until further notice, on account of the recent COVID-19 outbreak across the country. The new date for the event will be announced soon. In the midst of all the fear and chaos surrounding us, we want you to know that the sun will shine again and we shall rise again. With patience and optimism, there is NO hardship we … As per the directives of Govt. Lahore Campus will remain closed till 5th April 2020 for Students, Faculty & Staff. The University has planned to conduct classes online. For which, you will receive an email from your HoD office containing all the details soon. Students are requested to regularly check their university email for updates. It is shared with great pleasure that FSM students have won the Aspiring Professional Summits’ 2020 competition at LUMS. The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals’ Summit 2020 was held at LUMS on the 15th and 16th of February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in four academic-oriented accounting competitions. FAST School of Management, Lahore students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving the first position … Registration dates of the Spring 2020 Semester for students have been announced. All students are advised to follow registration and fee payment deadlines strictly. Spring '20, MS & Ph.D. Admissions are now open at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Last Date to Apply is December 20, 2019 For more details, email at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk or call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 Kinnaird College had hosted their annual and most prestigious business competition called Kinnaird Business Week 2019, hosted by the Kinnaird Entrepreneurial Club. There were four categories, for which FAST School of Management (Lahore) had sent four teams of the most talented and brilliant students of the university. The teams had virtually dominated the whole competition, as they became victorious in each category, by achieving the first position, and beating all … Ms. Melissa Sassi Global Head, IBM Hyper Protect Accelerator visited FAST NUCES Lahore for a guest speaker session on Silicon Valley Executive Insight: What is it like to be the head of your own global program in a big tech company within Silicon Valley? and IBM Hyper Protect Accelerator: What is it and what does it take to join a big tech accelerator? FAST NUCES Lahore had an interactive session with i2c to discuss collaborative opportunities in innovation, research and education. Faculty positions are offered in accordance with HEC criteria available at www.nu.edu.pk/nujobs/EligibilityCriteria.aspx. Part-time employment, apprenticeship, and internship is not counted as experience. Last date to Apply: October 24, 2019 (Thursday) In addition to market-compatible salary, the University offers membership of Employees provident fund, hospitalization insurance, and reimbursement of medical expenses. Only short listed applicants will be called for interview. The Groundbreaking Ceremony of New Building Block at FAST NUCES Lahore was inaugurated by the honorable guest Dr. Rafique Ahmad (Member of Board of Governors of FAST, Member of Board of Trustees of University & Vice Chairman Nazaria-i-Pakistan Trust) and Mr. Rana Ghulam Shabbir (Secretary-General FAST, Sitar-i-Imtiaz & Tamgha-e-Quaid-e-Azam) alongside Dr. Hamid Hassan (Director Campus) and faculty members Dr. Hamid Hasssan was the Chief guest at the meeting of Standing Committee on Global Standards for Industries, at Lahore Chamber of Commerce & Industry (LCCI) Lahore on 30th July 2019. He talked about profitable business management in the modern era of global challenges. The participants were comprised of LCCI Members from various Industries & businesses Dear Applicants, please note that the last date for Documents and Fee submission for Bachelors Programs at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus is 31st July 2019 (Wednesday). For more details call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 or email at Admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk Merit for MASTER PROGRAMS has been announced (NU & NAT) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Admissions Fall 2019 Visit http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/ and enter your ARN to view your results. For more details call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 or email at Admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk Merit for UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS have been announced (NU & NAT) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Admissions Fall 2019 Visit http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/ and enter your ARN to view your results. For more details call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 or email at Admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk Accelerate your growth path by joining FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Where we equip you with the right set of skills and attitude so that you land in top-notch organizations. Apply now online: http://bit.ly/FASTNUApplyNow For more information, visit FAST NUCES Lahore campus or call 042-111-128-128. Department of Computer Sciences of FAST, Lahore cordially announce that Ph.D. student Ms. Asma Naseer (09L-0992) has successfully defended her Ph.D. thesis. Dr. Asma Naseer is the fifth Ph.D. student in our CS department. Lots of congratulations and best wishes to the student and her adviser Dr. Kashif Zafar on this significant achievement. The Title of the thesis was “Scale-Invariant Features for Urdu Optical Characters Recognition”. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz (HOD Science and Humanities) presented as a keynote speaker at the National Conference on TESOL, Linguistics, and Literature (CTLL, 2019) on 20th March – 21st March 2019 organized by the Institution of Communication and Cultural Studies (ICCS) at University of Management and Technology, Lahore. The conference aimed to focus on the emerging innovative trends of language and literature in academia in the modern world and explore the … As part of our social entrepreneurship project and course deliverable, Team Shajar-e-Umeed conducted a highly interactive session with Seasoned Veterans on 14th March at Fast NU. It was great to see some of the best experts from our industry, Mr. Salim Ghauri of Netsol, Mr. Zain ul Abideen of Maro Tandoors and Mr. Umer Hussain of SweetTooth in action. Sharing of great ideas and good lively discussion made this event … Fatima Group visited NUCES-FAST Lahore as part of their E2L program and conducted a recruitment drive on February 02, 2023. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science and Masters of Business Administration MBA. Confiz visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 18, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science. Career Counseling Society organized an interactive session about Workplace Rights on February 19th, 2024 from 2:30 till 4:00 pm with Shaima K. Malik, Senior HR Manager at Conrad Labs where laws and regulations regarding workplace rights were discussed, followed by an interactive Q&A session where students clarified their doubts regarding the topic of discussion. It was a highly informative and successful session overall On January 18, 2024, the Career Counseling Society (CCS) organized a carefully planned Industry Trip to Manafa Technologies. A diverse group comprising twenty-five students from batches 20 and 21, specializing in the departments of management and computing, were selected to participate in this insightful visit. The trip served served as a valuable bridge between academia and industry, providing students with a holistic understanding of the tech sector, fostering professional connections, … A 5 days intensive workshop on AI and its application was organized by Soliton Technologies in Collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore. An overwhelming response of students was recorded in successful completion of the crash course. A 5 days intensive workshop on AI and its application was organized by Soliton Technologies in Collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore. An overwhelming response of students was recorded in successful completion of the crash course. The Solidity Cohort Boot Camp, organized by Stacks FAST chapter for Promotion of Future Computing, successfully concluded its three-week online program on 29th January 2024. This initiative aimed to educate participants, including both FAST students and external attendees, about blockchain technology, covering fundamentals and practical applications through interactive sessions on Solidity programming language and smart contract development. The exploration of future implications, including discussions on decentralized finance and non-fungible tokens … FAST Business Expo'24, organized by Fast Business Club. The event, held on 13th February 2024, aimed to promote entrepreneurship among our student community and provide a platform for showcasing their small ventures. Fast Business Expo'24 featured diverse stalls, attracting a significant number of visitors including our students & faculty members visitors. Participants showcased a wide range of businesses, from tech startups to sustainable initiatives, while networking opportunities enriched the entrepreneurial … The FAST Sports Gala'24, spanning from February 2nd to 4th, celebrated a diverse array of sports, accommodating the interests of participants from over 50 corporate entities. The event showcased competitions across 12 engaging categories, catering to a wide spectrum of athletic talents and interests. From the intensity of cricket matches to the agility demanded by futsal and the strategic finesse of chess, participants engaged in spirited contests across various disciplines. … Career Services Office, FAST-NUCES conducted a mock interview session on March 04, 2024 for its students to prepare them for the job fair and other recruiting events. It was a great way to help students prepare and boost their confidence. During the session, students had the opportunity to practice their interview skills and receive valuable feedback. The session gave them a better understanding of what to expect during real interviews … FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Kashf Foundation for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 06, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Systems Limited for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 02, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited GoSaaS for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on April 22, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company followed by an Assessment for graduating batches of Computer Science and Software Engineering students FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Innowi for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 08, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Management, Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Programmers Force for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 09, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company followed by Interviews and Assessment for the graduating batches of Management, Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited dubizzle labs for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 07, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. ASCE-NUCES arranged the womens day event on 8th March 2024. Women’s Day is a way to acknowledge and celebrate the strengths of women in our society. In order to do just that, ASCE organized an event this year consisting of a Panel Discussion with female guests that have achieved a lot. The Panelists included prominent women of the society such as Dr. Syeda Malika (Member CM Inspection Team BS20 Officer), … Director Lahore Campus Dr Summaira Sarfraz attended the monthly informal meetings of VCs/Rectors of Lahore-based universities. The initiative of the meetings to be held on rotational basis, was taken by Dr Moeed Yusaf, Rector Beaconhouse National University. The meetings aim to serve as a platform for brainstorming and highlighting areas of mutual interest. Allow us to unveil the beauty of khanpur! The crystal clear waters and the lavish green fields were a treat to the eyes! The incredible moments of enjoyment and laughter echoed through the hills, with the added fun of water sports. Be it parasailing, jetski, or just boating, the waters of khanpur served us right! Every moment of the trip was the one to be cherished forever. Career Counseling Society (CCS), in collaboration with Arbisoft, successfully organized a one-hour long webinar on November 24th. Ms. Zahra Irshad, Deputy Manager of Talent at Arbisoft, led the engaging session, attracting over 45 participants. Ms. Irshad provided valuable insights into the long and competitive recruitment process for CS, SE, and Electrical Engineering students at both bachelor's and master's levels as well as talking about the major technical and soft skills … Reflecting on FAST Literary Society's second book club as students plunge into the Kafkaesque abyss revealed in "The Trial." Picture the protagonist's unjust arrest, entangled in a labyrinth of bureaucratic chaos. The discussion transcended mere words, unravelling the absurdities of modern bureaucracy—where the pursuit of goals feels like navigating a disorienting maze. In a world where success demands traversing a web of illogical obstacles, Students peeled back layers to reveal a … NMG’s annual Mushaira was a successful event entertrainting the many students of FAST who enjoy Urdu poetry. The event started off with a few of the participants showcasing their poetry talents and after a while we were joined by our Chief Guest, Mr Wajid Ameer, a well- known Urdu poet. There were also two beautiful Ghazl performances which were thoroughly enjoyed by everyone, followed by the poetry from the rest … FPSC2023 Recap: ACM NUCES orchestrated a triumphant FAST Problem Solving Competition on November 29th, 2023, at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Under the keen eyes of the Respected HOD, Computer Science Department, Mr. Kashif Zafar, and Society Advisor Mr. Mubasher Baig, the competition witnessed an exceptional response, marking a grand return to high-stakes programming competitions at FAST Lahore Campus.Over 45 teams, comprising 100+ participants, engaged in a robust competition on the … stacksfastchapter hosted a highly successful seminar on "How Blockchain will Change the Future''; on November 30, 2023, highlighting Mr. Ahmad Manzoor, founder and CEO of Pakistan Blockchain Institute. The event aimed to educate youth on blockchain technology, discuss its future implications, and inspire careers in the field. Mr. Ahmad Manzoor engaging and interactive presentation covered core principles, applications, and the transformative potential of blockchain, captivating a diverse audience. At the … The event ‘Data science Revealed: Insights from the Experts’ by FSDS commenced at 11:30 am in the Auditorium on the November 21st, 2023 with the guest speakers Waseem Ahmad Chisti and Hamid Ali. The speakers arrived on the campus premises through Gate no. 2 and made his way to the Auditorium where he was warmly welcomed by the members of FSDS executive team. The speakers delivered a motivational and attention-grabbing … ‘From the River to the Sea, Palestine will be free’ echoed throughout the week-long Palestine Fundraising Camp organized by Fastcare in collaboration with Al Khidmat Foundation. The event garnered an overwhelming response from students, showcasing remarkable support and solidarity. Empowered by unity and dedication, this collaborative effort aims to bring hope and assistance to the cause, affirming the unwavering commitment towards a free Palestine. The SOFTEC'24 Orientation was held on November 22, 2023, at Syed Rafaqat Ali Auditorium from 12 pm to 3 pm. With 600 attendees, including esteemed guest Dr. Saira Kareem, the event successfully attracted the 23rd Batch and provided them with information about SOFTEC. The event's main highlight was President Ali Raza's speech, followed by a lively Q&A session where participants won merchandise for correct answers. Food coupons were also distributed … The event ‘Identity Quest’ by CBS in collaboration with Youth Club commenced at 02:00 pm in Syed Rafaqat Auditorium on the November 21st, 2023 with the guest speaker, President of Youth Club, Raja Zia-Ul-Haq. Members of the Youth Club arrived before the event and an information desk was set up outside cafeteria. The speaker arrived on the campus premises through Gate no. 2 and was presented with a bouquet of … The Welcome event of FAST NUCES Lahore was impeccably organized by FAST CREATIVE SOCIETY. It was held on October 20, 2023, and brought together students, faculty, and staff to warmly welcome the 23rd batch. Faizan Mir Photography served as the media partner, capturing memorable moments throughout the event. The two major highlights of the event were FMS’s performance and an open mic, which was specially arranged to gauge active participation … Batch 23's journey of discovery at Katas Raj Temple on November 5, 2023, was a tapestry of rich history, enchanting lake, and stunning landscapes that left us in awe. The ideal weather enhanced the experience, and the delicious, abundant food was the perfect complement to our day at Katas Raj Temple. Already counting down the days to our next adventure! Reflecting on a captivating Iqbal Day event By FAST Literary Society! Grateful to Qaiser Ahmed Raja for an insightful exploration of Allama Iqbal’s wisdom. The book exhibition and engaging sessions truly immersed us in the legacy of this visionary poet. As we bid adieu this year, let’s carry forward the flame of Iqbal’s vision! Career Counseling Society arranged an ice-breaking session between the students and representatives from Programmers Force. The purpose of this session was to discuss the benefits and future opportunities that the PF technology training lab will provide the students with upon its inauguration. The session was interactive. The representatives not only explained the purpose of the lab, but also asked the students about their expectations and questions related to it. The … The IntraFAST sports event, spanning from October 9th to 15th, showcased a thrilling array of competitions. Cricket enthusiasts gathered at the Al-Bilal Cricket ground, witnessing Team Staff's outstanding performance as they clinched the gold medal. Futsal action took place at Volta Football, where Komedy Kings emerged as victorious contenders. The spirited Volleyball tournament, also hosted at Volta, saw Team Karasuno High claiming the gold. Throwball competitions unfolded at Park and … Hiroyuki Shino, Manager, Global Business Dept. Head of Pakistan Japan Center AI Engineer from PLUS W Inc. visits FAST National University to discuss different avenues related to internships and job opportunities. He also encouraged youth to learn Japanese language! The GDSC FAST Lahore Megamind Tech Expo was a resounding success, held on October 25, 2023. The event featured a captivating mix of quizzes, engaging speaker sessions, exciting swags, and exhilarating fun activities. Attendees were captivated by the insights shared by esteemed speakers, including Ehmad Zubair, CEO of Cogent Labs, who delved into the ''5 Habits of Exceptional Software Engineers'' and Taimoor Ali, COO of Bookme.pk, who offered valuable guidance … An introductory session was organized by the HR Department to familiarize students with the Punjab Educational Endowment Fund (PEEF). PEEF officials shed light on the scholarship procedures and their pivotal role in bridging educational gaps. Mr. Usman Islam shared a remarkable achievement that the PEEF has awarded over 900+ scholarships to FAST students from 2009 to 2023. This signifies PEEF's enduring commitment to empowering students. Mr. Nasir Tufail, Head of … Prof Dr Saima Zafar, Head of Department, Electrical Engineering, FAST NU Lahore was invited to the Two Days 4th Consultative Workshop on "Gender Equality in Higher Education Leadership and Decision-Making" held on October 26-27, 2023 at Faletti's Hotel Lahore. Dr. Saima Zafar represented FAST NU in the conference that was organized by Quaid-e-Azam University and University of Gloucestershire in collaboration with the British Council. The chief guest of the opening ceremony, Prof Dr … FAST Lahore's first book club was hosted by FAST literary Society . Enthralled by the ethereal narrative of 'Peer e Kamil' by Umera Ahmed, transported us to a realm of spiritual awakening and human complexities. The palpable excitement filled the room as students passionately dissected Imama's and Salaar's spiritual journeys and dilemmas, drawing parallels to their own lives. They were entranced by the tale's philosophical nuances, exchanging heartfelt insights and … Elevating our Web Development game! What an incredible day it was at FAST NUCES as the ACM NUCES Chapter teamed up with the tech gurus at Appalo Inc. for the "Website Kese Banaun?" Workshop! Our dynamic speakers, Mr. Awab Sabir (CTO, Appalo Inc.) and Mr. Arbab Sabir (Senior Web Developer, Appalo Inc.), shared their expertise, leaving the audience on the edge of their seats! From the latest technological stacks to … The department of Electrical Engineering at FAST-NUCES Lahore hosted an engaging seminar on Wednesday, 25 October titled "Charting your path in the semiconductor industry: Insights & Opportunities for success." This insightful seminar, conducted by 10xEngineers, a well-known company in the semiconductor industry, provided attendees with valuable insights. The Department of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore campus organized a workshop titled: "Introduction to Data Science'' on Friday 13th Oct, 2023 for the continued professional development of the engineering faculty. The workshop was managed by Dr. Omer Saleem (PEB-CPD coordinator) and was conducted by Mr. Saif Ul Islam, Lecturer, School of Computing, FAST-NU, Lahore. The workshop focused on providing an overview of the field of data science, its significance in … The department of Electrical Engineering (FAST-NUCES Lahore) arranged an interactive seminar for the graduating students; titled “Enabling Smart Cities with Computer Vision” on 19th October 2023. This seminar was conducted by an expert educator, youtuber, entrepreneur in the field of Computer Vision and Robotics; Mr Murtaza Hassan. He is the owner of CVzone and runs one of the largest YouTube channels in the field of Computer Vision, educating over 3 … The collaborative session with Densinc, brought to you by the Fast Business Club, was a remarkable event. Students were privileged to hear from industry expert Mr. Usman Asif , CEO Devsinc. This insightful session focused on empowering students to navigate diverse backgrounds in a competitive market, providing valuable knowledge and preparing participants for future career success. Fast Business Club is committed to offering enriching experiences to its members, and this … The event ‘Breaking barriers: social entrepreneurship’ by CBS in collaboration with Al Sharq foundation commenced on 2:30 pm on the 20 th of October. With the guest speaker Syed Hussain Haider. The speaker began the session and continued to deliver a motivational and attention-grabbing speech. He highlighted the importance of social entrepreneurship and how the youth should take actions to try solving the many problems that people face in our … What an incredible and captivating session with Gabe Gabrielle! We had an absolute blast hosting him at FAST NUCES, and his expertise as a recognized Space Motivational Speaker and former NASA engineer truly shone through. His dedication to STEM education and his remarkable journey at NASA speak volumes. Thank you, Gabe, for inspiring us all to reach for the stars! Dr Summaira Sarfraz, Professor and Dean Sciences and Humanities was invited as a key Penalist at the Opening Ceremony of Literary Festival at GCU. The Penal consisted of renowned academicians Dr Tariq Rehman, Dr Ayesha Jalal, Dr Waeem Anwar and Mr Osama Adnan. The topic of the Panel discussion was How have language policies and the English language perpetuated colonial ideologies? Dr Summaira highlighted that colonialism has been transformed into … The new batch started a new journey of their lives at FAST and as always, NMG had to give them a memorable beginning. As planned, the event started at 2:30 pm and the excitement of the Batch Photo could be witnessed as the students had started gathering in the front lawn even before 2:30. The preparations with the chalk powder to make an outline of "2" and "3" was done … Expressa'23, FAST Business Club exciting event, was a resounding success with over 200 students participated in six different competitions. It served as a vibrant platform for students to enhance their business skills and was especially beneficial for the new batch, providing them with valuable experience and boosting their self-confidence. The event was a perfect blend of fun and learning, catering to students' diverse interests and skill sets. The focus was … The Shahjahan Junior Table Tennis Cup, spanning from September 21st to 26th, brought together top talents from all corners of Lahore, including esteemed alumni of FAST, former captains, and region-level players. In a stunning display of skill and determination, our very own Captain Obaid and Vice-Captain Ajar showcased their prowess by making it to the final, outperforming some of the game's finest. In a nail-biting final showdown, Obaid emerged victorious … The official series between FAST University and FCCU, featuring Badminton and Table Tennis, was held at FCCU's sports complex on September 26, 2023, from 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM. The Table Tennis male and female teams from FAST University showcased outstanding performances, completely outclassing their opponents. Table Tennis male Captain Obaid, Vice-Captain Ajar, and female Captain Haiqa were standout performers. Additionally, the Badminton female team secured a triumphant victory. In … On Tuesday, October 3rd, FAST and IAC went head-to-head in a match that ended with FAST emerging victorious with a score of 12-4. Beyond the scoreboard, the event highlighted the warm hospitality extended by IAC and the commendable performance and sportsmanship demonstrated by the FAST team. IAC's gracious hosting set a positive tone for the match, fostering a friendly and competitive atmosphere. Meanwhile, the FAST team's impressive teamwork and strategic … Stacks Fast Chapter in collaboration with Alethea AI organized a seminar on "INFT and Blockchain" on October 12, 2023, from 1:00 pm to 2:30 pm at the Old Auditorium. The event featured Ahmed Jawed, the Vice President of Engineering, as the speaker, alongside two guests from Alethea. The speaker provided captivating insights on INFTs and blockchain and also the application details of the promised internship. To conclude the event, a … A delegation of Aerodyne Group visited FAST-NUCES, Lahore Campus on Tuesday, 10th October, 2023. The team consisted of two people: Dr. Lim Eu Shawn (Chief Global Solutions Officer, Aerodyne Group) and Mr. Adnan Chaudhry who heads Aerodyne's AI team globally and is also the country head in Pakistan.Aerodyne Group provides end-end DRONE powered solutions across the globe including but not limited to inspection of critical infrastructure (Telecommunication towers, transmission and … FAST International Office in collaboration with CCS and French Embassy brought 10 well-known French Universities to FAST NUCES, Lahore. The universities in attendance had lucrative masters and scholarship opportunities for studentscurrently undertaking a bachelor’s in Computer Science, Engineering and Management Science. The is fair was not only open to the FAST NUCES, but also to students from other universities like FC, UET, UMT, UCP, and GCU. It was a successful … The SOFTEC'23 Award Ceremony, held on October 12th, 2023, at the Syed Rafaqat Ali Auditorium from 11:00 AM to 04:00 PM, was a resounding success with 300 attendees and esteemed guests, including Campus Director Dr. Hammad Naveed, Senior Manager Administration Mr. Usama Zafar, Deputy Manager Student Affairs Ms. Aqsa Sarfraz, Faculty Advisors Mr. Usama Hassan, Mr. Razi ud din, and Mr Syed Uzair Hussain Naqvi. The event fulfilled its primary … FAST Care , in collaboration with Evercare Hospital, hosted an impactful awareness session on Sleep Hygiene and Emergency Response Techniques, graced by the expertise of Dr. Ali Azhar Jawa and Dr. Shazia Asim, leaving an enduring impact on students and faculty members alike. In collaboration with Shaukat Khanum, Fastcare organized Blood Camp 23 on October 3rd, 2023. We were impressed by the students' enthusiasm and passion to assist cancer patients in their battles. Heartfelt appreciation to all the donors and volunteers for their invaluable contributions to this noble cause. Fast Literary Society eagerly embraced Armash Kamal's long-awaited copywriting seminar with anticipation! It was absolutely captivating, firing up our motivation and determination to start our copywriting journey ASAP! Armash Kamal didn't just talk about copywriting, he made it sound like a magical path to earning a respectable income with just words, and guess what? It's open to everyone, no writing experience needed! He shared his inspiring five-year journey with the … The faculty members of Department of Electrical Engineering of FAST NU Lahore campusparticipated in “Pakistan Engineering Council’s STEM Ambassadors Program” at Lahore College for Women University, Lahore, on September 26, 2023. The program aimed to strengthen the connection between higher education institutions and local schools, with the primary goal of addressing low student enrollment in Engineering programs. The program included workshops, seminars, and informative sessions, providing a platform for university’s … Quality Enhancement Cell Lahore Campus organized an orientation session for newly hired faculty members on 27th September, 2023. Ms. Hira Saleem, Deputy Manager HR (NUCES HQ) presented HR policies, Ms. Rabbia Nawaz, Manager Payroll & Compensation (NUCES HQ) presented on Teaching Workload and Existing Payroll related matters. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director Lahore Campus presented on ORIC policies. Dr. Aamir Wali, HoD – Department of AI & DS, demonstrated the usage … The Google Developer Student Clubs at FAST National University, Lahore organized an event on Wednesday, 6th September, that brought together enthusiastic individuals from diverse backgrounds. Our society, dedicated to nurturing student developers, made a special effort to welcome Freshman students through engaging ice-breaking games. It provided a platform for students to get to know one another and add to their knowledge. The esteemed speakers, Abdul Wasay and Mr. Usman Butt … Defence Day, also known as Yom-e-Difa, is a pivotal day in Pakistan's history celebrated to commemorate the successful defense against aggression in 1965. ICE society and the university jointly organized an event on September 18, 2023, to honor this day. The event commenced with a Quranic recitation and included a declamation competition in English and Urdu, allowing students to express their thoughts on Defence Day. A fun questionnaire segment added … Quality Enhancement Cell, FAST NUCES Lahore conducted Self-Assessment visit of MS & PhD Mathematics on 18th September 2023. Dr. Adil Jahangeer (Professor & HoD), Department of Mathematics, NAMAL University, Mianwali was invited as an external evaluator. Dr. Ammar Javed (Assistant Professor), FAST School of Management, Lahore was an internal evaluator. The assessment team went through the SAR, visited the department and conducted infrastructure visit. Students were interviewed in order to … On September 14, 2023, ACM NUCES organized an informative session regarding the UGRAD Semester Exchange program under the banner of ACM W. We were honored to have Javeria Nadeem, an esteemed alumna of FAST NUCES, as our guest speaker. Ms. Nadeem shared invaluable insights into the program, elucidated the application procedures, and recounted her own enriching experiences.The event drew a capacity crowd, underscoring the keen interest in this program. The … Quality Enhancement Cell, Lahore Campus organized a training session on “Email Etiquettes and Communication” on 14th September 2023 for non-teaching staff members. This session was designed to provide participants the skills and techniques necessary for managing emails professionally, and writing emails with clarity and proper structures to avoid misinterpretations and miscommunication. Training was conducted by Dr. Zahida Mansoor (Assistant Professor, S&H), Ms. Hajra Ikram (Assistant Professor, S&H) and Mr. Ali … The NUCES ACM Lahore Chapter hosted an engaging ice-breaking session for the Batch of 2023. It began with an introduction to ACM, both locally and globally, Distinguished panelists from the senior batch shared academic insights, emphasizing GPA maintenance through effective time management and diligence. They discussed internship experiences, LinkedIn optimization, and GitHub repositories. A Q&A session allowed juniors to seek advice and receive recommendation letters. As per the MOU with Punjab Police, a week long Soft Skills Training of Assistant Sub-Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors and Inspectors was conducted by the English language faculty at Lahore Campus. The training was attended by 20 Master Trainers from Punjab Police Training College Chung Lahore. The training aimed at improving the communicative competence of the trainees by refining their interpersonal and soft skills. The training consisted of soft skills orientation, group … Mr. Shahzad Ishaq, Group Head, Digital Banking MCB visited FAST National University, Lahore Campus on September 06, 2023. He discussed different avenues of collaboration to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with hands-on experience through latest technologies. Dr. Hammad Naveed , Director Lahore Campus welcomed the distinguished guest and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to innovative ideas and opportunities for fresh students as … Fast Care orchestrated a successful Book Drive event to promote knowledge sharing and unityamong students. Seniors generously contributed a diverse array of books, which were made available at a central booth for juniors to select from. The event facilitated engaging interactions, while enabling the exchange of valuable learning resources. The initiative not only supported junior students&#39; academic growth but also emphasized the culture of collaboration that defines the institution. Student societies in universities plays a vital role in shaping the experiences for students. They provide new students with opportunities to explore a wide range of interests, connect with like-minded peers, and engage in extracurricular activities beyond academics. Whether it's joining a cultural club, a sports team, an academic organization, or a volunteer group, student societies offer a platform for personal growth, skill development, and networking. Devsinc in collaboration with FAST National University successfully completed a 3-Week Training Boot Camp for CS students at FAST National University, Lahore. The training course entailed all essential resources, valuable assets, and opinion pieces about MERN stacks and its practical implications. The training camp focused on how to deliver quality training and impart the necessary skills to the students. The session was very well received, and the participants appreciated the … QEC Lahore campus organized a capacity building session on the subject "Managing Classroom in the Age of ChatGPT" on 11th August 2023 for faculty members. Session was conducted by Director QEC, Dr. Arshad Islam. The goal of the session was to provide faculty members with insightful information and useful strategies for successfully incorporating emerging technology into the classroom setting. In order to keep up with the fast changing educational scenario, … The Inter University Showdown, hosted by FAST Sports Society , showcased thrilling sportsmanship and camaraderie among university societies and faculty/staff. Featuring diverse sports like cricket, futsal, table tennis, and badminton, six teams including FAST Sports Society, Idyllic Youth Society, FAST Music Society, Softec, FAST Business Club, and FAST University faculty participated. Notable victories were secured by the FAST Business Club in cricket, FAST Sports Society in table tennis, futsal, and … QEC Lahore Campus organized a guest speaker session with Adeel Hashmi for faculty members on topic “Empowering the Educators”. Agenda of the session was: What exactly do we mean by 'Education'? Moral values in education. Education or Knowledge? Which one to acquire? And why? Responsibilities and challenges of today's teachers. Session was organized on 11th August 2023. It was a great learning session, and the audience gained valuable knowledge. The "Marketing with AI Tools" boot camp, a collaborative effort between PNY Trainings and the FAST Business Club, concluded successfully, leaving a trail of satisfaction among FAST National University, Lahore students. Over the course of a month, this intensive program provided invaluable insights into the world of marketing enhanced by artificial intelligence. On this day in 1947, we achieved our independence from British rule. It is a day to celebrate our freedom and sovereignty, and to reflect on the sacrifices that were made to make this day possible. Today, we hoist the flag with pride and celebrate our nation's diversity. We are a country of many cultures and languages, but we are united by our love for Pakistan. Let us come together … The Farewell event of FAST NUCES Lahore at Faletti’s Hotel was impeccably organized by Creative Society. It was held on June 13th, 2023, and brought together students, faculty, and staff to bid a heartfelt goodbye to the graduating batch. Faizan Mir Photography served as the media partner, capturing memorable moments throughout the event. The evening began with a warm welcome from the hosts, who expressed gratitude and excitement, setting an … RUNG 1.0, a highly successful event held on the 16th and 17th of June, offered a diverse range of modules that catered to various interests.    The music module showcased talented musicians, both solo acts and bands, captivating the audience with their melodic performances.  The drama module presented thought-provoking plays and monologues, showcasing the participants' acting prowess.  In the media module, attendees were treated to visually stunning short films, vlogs, … The FAST Sports Gala'23 was a resounding success, bringing together participants from 52 corporate companies and showcasing their sportsmanship and competitive spirit.  The event was made possible with the support of various sponsors, including Confiz, NetSol, Lumensoft Technologies (Pvt) Ltd, Forrentech, Volta Football Association, HM Photography, and Red Bull.  The organizing team of the FAST Sports Society deserves appreciation for their meticulous planning and execution, ensuring a memorable experience for … FAST NUCES, Career Services Office (CSO) organized an on-campus networking session (Coffee Hour) with our alumni of Civil and Electrical Engineering departments that was chaired by the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. He applauded their achievements and impact they’ve made in their respective fields.   The meeting allowed them to share their experiences being a FASTian, receive updates on the developments campus has made and share their valuable feedback from … The Blockchain Cohort - Solidity Learning Program held from 24th March to 30th April, was a comprehensive educational initiative aimed at equipping students with the necessary skills and knowledge to develop decentralized applications (DApps) using Solidity, a programming language for smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. To enhance the learning experience and provide participants with real-world insights, the program invited industry experts and guest speakers from the blockchain community. The … SOFTEC is the annual, largest and most prestigious technology event held, every year since 1995, in Lahore, Pakistan, that brings together technology enthusiasts from around the country.   The 27th edition of SOFTEC held on May 5th to 7th at the FAST NUCES LAHORE. The event showcased breakthroughs in science and technology, generating more opportunities with each passing year. Data science technologies have the potential to offer us valid tools to assist us in addressing environmental concerns in novel and effective ways. On 27 th April 2023, a national symposium on eco-intelligence (with four technical sessions) was successfully conducted which a theme of how computational methods, GIS/ remote-sensing, and artificial intelligence can manage environmental sustainability and environmental issues such as climate change, energy/water crises, sustainable agriculture/ biodiversity, prediction of … Team SOFTEC organized an ambassador meetup on 27th April, from 3 to 5 pm. The meetup was a highly successful and productive event. The meetup brought together ambassadors from different universities to discuss ways to collaborate and promote cross-cultural understanding. The attendees shared their experiences, challenges, and success stories in their respective fields, which led to insightful discussions and the exchange of ideas. During the meetup, the participants identified various … The Softec Oath Taking Ceremony was held at Syed Rafaqat New Auditorium on Wednesday 26th April, 2023. The event was a great success, with a large number of students taking oath to conduct the event and competitions. The role of events like Softec in promoting these values and creating a culture of excellence among students and professionals were highlighted.The oath taking ceremony was conducted by the President of the Softec … Team Book Fair and GDSC FAST NU Lahore recently organized a Seminar featuring the amazing Shafiqa Iqbal and it was a huge success! Shafiqa Iqbal, a well-known Big Data Engineer at Google, delivered an insightful keynote address, providing valuable insights and perspectives on how Pakistanis can reach Tech Giants like MAANG . Her engaging delivery captivated the audience and kept them engaged throughout the seminar. The event drew in a diverse … The Fastians had been longing for entertainment as everyone has had a tightly packed schedule with nothing much to do for leisure. And nothing comes at par with competitive sports. Thus the FAST Sports Society engaged the students, on their very demand in a late night cricket and futsal shootout. The Tournament was held on 18th April, after Iftar, from 7pm to 3am at Arena 360, Johar Town. There were … FAST Care conducted a Ration Drive during Ramadan of 2023 in order to assist the custodial staff of our university. We collected donations from students, faculty members and all those willing to donate and were able to collect near around PKR 257k in total. With this donation, we provided ration packages to 91 staff members. The distribution took place on 12th of April, 2023 from 10:00 AM to 04:30 PM.  … Consequent upon selection of Final Year Design Projects for financing by Pakistan Engineering Council (PEC), a team, comprising three PEC representatives visited National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore Campus on April 5th,2023 for award of cheque to groups. The team of PEC was composed of Engr. Mir Masood Rashid (CONVENER, PPDC), Engr. Jawwad Haider Gillani (Member Governing Body, PEC) and Engr. Syed Ahmed Waqas (Assistant Registrar, PEC RO, … The Intra Fast Programming Competition was held on April 4th, 2023, at our institution. The event was organized with the aim of providing a platform for young programmers to showcase their skills and compete against each other. The competition had a total of 47 participating teams of 2 to 3 members each from both the senior and junior wings. Four labs were booked to accommodate all teams. During the event, … Dr. Komal Kamran (Asst. Professor) from FAST School of Management organized a guest lecture for the students of MS - Business Analytics on the topic of "Data-Driven Decision Making at Uber". The speaker, Ms. Miriam Mehdi, an industry expert and alumnus of FAST NUCES, shared her extensive experience and expertise in data analytics and decision making at Uber. Real-world examples and case studies were discussed, providing a clear understanding of … Idyllic Youth FAST - NUCES had arranged an event of Welcome Ramadan to embrace the month of Ramadan with open hearts along with Nighat Hashmi's and Mushtaq Ahmad’s guidance. The basic purpose for arranging such an event was to lead students to strive for spiritual growth and strengthen our connection with Allah (SWT) together. In the event, guests shared their insights and experiences on the significance of Ramadan. Also on … The IGDA Pakistan in collaboration with Game Train conducted a Unity Game Development session at FAST-NUCES, Lahore. The session aimed to provide useful insights into the hypercasual gaming industry of Pakistan. It was an informative session for students who aspire to become game developers, game designers, or pursue a career in the gaming industry. The session started with an introduction to Unity and its features. The speaker discussed the importance … The Industrial Liaison Committee of the Department of Electrical Engineering in collaboration with IEEE Nuces Lahore Student Branch, organized a seminar by DSG Energy on 10th March, 2023 on the topic "Addressing Energy Challenges and Paving the Path for a Sustainable Future in Pakistan: Opportunities for Youth". Final year students of Electrical Engineering program attended this seminar. Mr. Zain ul Abideen - COO DSG Energy, Ms. Nazifa Fatima - CMO … An awareness seminar was conducted on 28th March 2023 in collaboration with My Impact Meter In this session, MIM's Founder and CEO, Ms. Kanwal Cheema, gave a briefing on the "End Poverty in Pakistan" movement. Alongside the seminar, MIM arranged a booth in the university for two days (i.e. 27th and 28th March) to raise awareness on this topic and interact with the students of FAST Lahore. From pages to profits, the students of FAST NUCES Lahore organized the ultimate BookFair'23! With over 400+ books sold, it was a roaring success. The love for literature was in the air as the students came together for this amazing event. Cheers to a job well done!" A comprehensive understanding of the cloud, including its benefits, core concepts, and best practices all for you to take your cloud computing skills to the next level. Our speaker Sheharyar is a nomad software architect with over 12+ years of polyglot experience in a wide range of web and cloud technologies, with deep knowledge of real-time, fault- tolerant, and distributed systems. He has authored and contributed to multiple famous open-source … FAST-NUCES’s esteemed Faculty members including Dr. Sumaira Sarfraz (Dean of Sciences and Humanities). Dr. Zahida Mansoor and Ms. Sarah Asif were invited by Zulfikar Ali Bader and Muhammad Baleegh-ur-Rehman- Governor of Punjab to celebrate International Women’s Day at the Governor House, Lahore. It was a pleasure celebrating the International Women’s Day with all the inspiring women in their reign of professionalism. In particular, having met the first female secretary of … Career Services Office, FAST-NUCES, organized a Guest Speaker Session on March 03, 2023. Mr. Gul Qadeer Khan, an alum of FAST-NUCES Lahore MS Batch 2001, talked about Brain Drain Challenges in today’s economy and Future of IT growth in Post COVID world. He is the President and CEO of GS Technologies located in Sacramento, California. Dr. Hajra visited FAST NUCES Lahore campus and conducted a session on “Using Deep Learning in the Early Prediction of At-Risk Learners in Self-Paced Online Education” and share her insights on how to explore the research landscape to deliver a comprehensive understanding of the multidisciplinary field’s activities. She received her BS Computer Science and MS Computer Science degree from Lahore College for Women University (LCWU), Lahore. Waheed Iqbal visited FAST NUCES lahore on 17th February and conducted a session on Predictive Auto-scaling of Multi-tier Applications Using Performance Varying Cloud Resources. He recieved a Ph.D. degree from the Asian Institute of Technology (AIT), Thailand, in 2012, currently working as a Tenured Associate Professor with the Department of Data Science, University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan. Mr. Haseeb Alam Khan, Divisional Manager Pakistan State Oil Company visited FAST NUCES Lahore campus and give his valuable knowledge on challenges in corporate world to final year students. The Youth Club Event "Revelations of Radiant Righteousness" was held on March 2, 2023, to promote the values of righteousness and moral uprightness among the youth. The event featured keynote speeches and breakout sessions by experienced professionals in the field of moral education and spiritual development. Our esteemed speakers were Muhammad Ali bhai & Mugheerah Luqman bhai from Youth CLub while Arsalan Ahmed Bhai CEO Naseeha institute. The event was … CCS under the umbrella of student affairs was thrilled to welcome the bright minds of Atchison College's 8th class to our University, FAST-NUCES today. Our Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed, provided them with a comprehensive overview of our academic programs and campus life, while, Dr. Haroon, ignited their curiosity with an insightful presentation on Computer Science. The students had the opportunity to ask questions and engage in discussions, making it an … Flutter forward extended, another successful and innovative session by GDSC in collaboration with GDG lahore! This event was the perfect boost for tech minds needed. An information centered event lead by experienced individuals, Mr. Atiq Samtia and Mr. Haris Nadeem, uncovering not only the scope of flutter but also its pros. The session provided a great kickstart for anyone wanting to start or continue their journey with flutter. The Fullbright Information Session organized by the Career Counseling Society was held at 10:00am in the Library Conference Room. The session was attended by around 35 students. The guest speaker Mr. Rooman Qayyum Khan, who is a very well-qualified individual from the USEFP, gave an overview of the Fulbright Scholarship Program. He then proceeded with an informative Q&A session with interested students, where he addressed all their queries regarding various … FAST NUCES, Career Services Office (CSO) organized an on-campus networking session (Coffee Hour) with our alumni of FAST School of Management that was chaired by the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. He applauded their achievements and impact they’ve made in their respective fields.The meeting allowed them to share their experiences being a FASTian, receive updates on the developments campus has made and share their valuable feedback from the industry/market. The … Sustainable development goals are designed by United Nations as a blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for everyone. These goals are followed by many institutes to have a better future. FAST NUCES under goal number 3 (Good health and well-being) have initiated Turkey Earthquake funding drive in collaboration with Alkhidmat foundation. The department of Electrical Engineering, Lahore campus organized a CPD workshop titled: "LaTeX for everyone (from basics to writing a research document)'' at the Dept. of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore, on Friday 24-Feb-2023. The workshop was managed by Dr. Omer Saleem, PEB coordinator and was conducted by Dr. Mohsin Kamal, Assistant Professor, Dept. of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore. The workshop focused on covering the basics of LaTeX and taking the participants … Our FAST Badminton officials arranged an event FASTMINTON I, which took place from February 6-8. Talent from all over the campus attended this event. They participated in different categories according to their level of play. All the students were given a fair chance to compete as we had Team and Non-Team categories.We truly admire our management team for their efforts and wish them success in future competitions. Team Devsinc was here at FAST NUCES Lahore for an amazing session on cutting edge technologies. The guest speaker, Junaid Rehmat, is a FAST Alumni (Batch 05) with over 15 years of experience. He discussed his journey with students and also discussed the latest technologies that are being used in industry. The point he focused on was that we as software engineers must not be dependent on the technology but … It was an honor to have Ms. Samar Farooq SEO Strategist NETSOL Technologies at FAST NU. She had an amazing interactive session with the final year BBA students by sharing here insights on “From clicks to conversions: Maximizing Your Brand’s Digital Footprint.” Our sports delegation attended the GIKI Sportsfest, which took place from February 3–5. We signed up for table tennis, chess, cricket, football, and volleyball. Talent from all over the country had attended this event. In every sport, there were National Circuit players. Our teams performed to the best of their abilities, made us proud, and displayed their extraordinary talent at the highest level. We finished in second place in the … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with Programmers Force Pvt. Limited to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Syed Waqar Ahmed Bukhari Director HR, Programmers Force along with his team visited FAST-NUCES, Lahore and discussed different aspects of collaboration with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. On 14th February, a seminar on gaming industry and how to build a career in gaming development was held at Old Auditorium at 4:00PM to 5:30PM. The seminar was organized by the Career Counselling Society. The purpose of this seminar was to provide insight into the gaming industry and how students could build a career in it. We were joined by two speakers namely, Mr. Ali Ahsan, who is the … IEEE-NUCES conducted a Session by Tajir. Tajir company is the first Pakistani app based platform for retailers  and it is trusted by hundreds of local and multinational companies. This event was a session which was hosted by the CTO of Tajir company. Numerous students from multiple fields joined us and the session was wholesome. FAST CARE collaborated with AlKhidmat, a non-profit organization to collect clothing articles and donations for blankets to support the less fortunate individuals in the community. A donation desk was set up on the campus for the collection of clothes from 29th January to 2nd February 2023. A total of 120 clothing articles were collected during the event, including winter coats, jackets, sweaters, and other warm clothing items. Additionally, donations were … CCS is proud to host the CEO of Laam, Mr. Arif Iqbal, one of the most successful and inspiring figures in the industry. He gave an excellent and informative session on the importance of leaving an impact in the lives of people around you and had the audience completely engaged. As he talked about various stages of work, our guest focused more on building projects and taking ownership of one's … The measure of a true man in the Sight of Allah is not the cost of his house or the brand of his car, but rather, his determination to exhaust his capacities to draw closer to Allah. A man is, therefore, he who spends his nights in prayer fears Allah in private and in public, and does not think twice before sacrificing his wealth and his life for the sake … ArhamSoft (Pvt) Ltd. as a consortium partner of TechLift, PSEB, and PASHA in collaboration with NUCES-FAST conducted a first-ever industry-led bootcamp program for IT and non-IT graduates at FAST NUCES Lahore. The training course collected all essential resources, valuable assets, and opinion pieces about MEAN and MERN technology stacks and their practical implications. The training camp focused on how to deliver quality training and impart the necessary skills to the … “Cricket is a team game. No individual can just say he can win it on his own” Today despite the falling temperature, Faculty/ Staff vs Student Cricket tournament has set the Arena 360 at fire. It was a great match with true sportsman spirit of all teams NUCES-FAST Lahore in collaboration with OSAF welcomed 1200+ Alumni at its annual Homecoming. The event included Round table discussions with prominent CEOs, Networking, Alumni Achievement Awards, Dinner, Qawali, and concerts. Dr. Aftab Ahmed Maroof, Rector of NUCES-FAST graced the event with his presence and exchanged ideas with the Alumni. Quality Enhancement Cell of FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus organized the Bonfire Night for Team Building, Learning and Feedback Activity for faculty and staff on 12th January 2023. Activity was planned for enhancing communication, encouraging creativity, increasing productivity, developing confidence, boosting motivation and creating relationships among employees. Also for improving interactions among other departments and making a positive work environment. Apart from that a bonfire was planned for staff and faculty as … Team educative had a wonderful interaction with the workshop attendees at Fast NU. It was an informative session about the importance of technical writing in the industry. There was a quiz on the block chain and the winner received the merchandise. All the students were interested in the workshop and got the answer of their all queries۔ ICE-NUCES organized a seminar on "Introduction to reality of natural disasters; earthquakes, heavy rains etc". To speak on the topic, an eminent geotechnical engineer and research expert from Tokyo, Japan, Prof. Dr. Ikuo Towhata was invited. The esteemed guest speaker shed light on the various aspects of natural disasters, their occurrence and mitigation techniques through his firsthand experience and research. It was once in a lifetime opportunity to learn from … The International Conference on "Advances in Civil and Construction Engineering" was recently organized which was a two days' event, jointly held by NUCES-FAST Lahore and UMT Lahore. Civil Engineering department in collaboration with ICE-NUCES and ASCE-NUCES arranged and managed the day two of the conference at NUCES-FAST Lahore campus. This was one of a kind conference and probably the biggest technical event towards the end of the year in South … The Head of the electrical engineering department was invited by the Director of, the National Incubation Center Lahore (NICL) to visit the center facilities at LUMS along with faculty and students. Some faculty members and students of the electrical engineering department and school of computing Lahore campus accompanied by the Head, of the electrical engineering department visited the NICL on Friday, 9 November. The delegation was received by the Director … American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) has organized an insightful seminar on “Masters Scholarships” for the students of FAST NUCES Lahore.  Such seminars help the students get hands-on information about the scholarships.The seminar regarding Scholarships was conducted by Dr. Naveed Ahmad Saadi. A brief introduction was given about the significance of scholarships and how it can help students achieve their goals. American Society of Civil Engineers – Student Chapter held an educational trip to Super pavement labs of UET Lahore. The purpose of this trip is to educate the students of the Civil Department first-hand regarding innovating technology and working of labs. A student learns more proficiently through practical knowledge and by gaining experience by working on site. Moreover, a visit outside the campus promotes recreation in students. This visit was … GDSC FAST-NU recently held an informative session regarding the Google Solution Challenge.  Google Solution Challenge is an annual contest presented by Google that invites students to develop solutions for local community problems using one or more Google products or platforms. The speaker of the seminar was shortlisted as one of the top 50 finalists of last year. It was indeed an interactive session where the audience was briefed regarding what … Debug to Make a Buck! SOFTEC partnered with Educative to bring a dynamic and fun event for students of FAST Nuces on 31st November 2022. Team Educative arrived at around 10:30 am, and the event started at 11:00 am, full of energy. The energy filled the air and motivated many students to come ahead and play fun games. The media team actively captured each moment from the start of the … LinkedIn and CV building seminar was held by Stacks in collaboration with CSS by Mr.Abdul Waheed, an experienced HR professional with a demonstrated history of working in the IT industry. He is a senior technical recruiter and HR Team Lead at BrainX Technologies. With recruitment being his strongest domain, he was talking about Linkedin acquisition and guide students how to construct an effective CV by showing some professional CV's and … Career Counseling Society and Student affairs hosted Student Counselor's meetup on 7 December. A brief description about the campus was given by Director Dr. Hammad Naveed to Student Counsellors.The formal meeting was held in Executive Center, followed by high-tea and a campus tour for our guests.Our university is looking forward to have more such events. The Git and Github Workshop, delivered by Sir Jawad Khalid, was a major success with 15 to 20 instructors being a part of it and acquiring the various benefits that it had to offer. The systems were already equipped with Git Bash and Github software to make the workshop more efficient and convenient for the instructors. The instructors were briefed on the various benefits associated with using Github for tasks … Nuces Media Group is the only media society at FAST Nuces Lahore. It provides the student body with opportunities to showcase their talents in photography, videography and literature. Just like last year, NMG organized the Mushaira this year as well. The event aimed to promote Urdu poetry among university students. We received an overwhelming amount of submissions and then the students were shortlisted to present their beautiful work in front of … Welcome'22 was conducted by Fast Creative Society on Friday 25th of November 2022, the event brimmed to cater almost a thousand students who ecstatically enjoyed the twilight and spent a memorable time with their fellow batch mates. Entrance for the Welcome kicked off as early as 4:30 pm and the event was officially started at 6:00pm. Arranging a play with Dramaf society was a massive success as it was a … Voice Debating Society of FAST NUCES Lahore conducted the first-ever MUN in Fast Lahore this past weekend. NUMUN Prologue was a great success. This event received an overwhelming response from the student, statistically stating there were 18 individual registrations and 30 delegations therefore, in total the headcount of participants was 138. Moreover, for the event to accomplish such a big achievement a management team of 100+ people worked day and … SOFTEC held its most spectacular orientation on November 23, 2022.  Miss Ayesha Chaudhary, Dr. Saira Karim, and Director FAST NUCES Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed graced the event with their presence. A memorable Trip to MushkPuri Top! A trip to explore and discover the amazing views and get an escape from Lahore's weather. National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES) honors employees having 25 years plus service at Lahore Campus. The NUCES always appreciates their efforts & impeccable contribution. Honorable Rector, Dr. Aftab Ahmad & Director Campus, Dr. Hammad Naveed presented the appreciation certificates to the employees. The ceremony was organized by HR Department on 19-Nov-2022 (Saturday). FAST NUCES, Career Services Office (CSO) organized an on-campus networking session (Coffee Hour) with our alumni that was chaired by the campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed, to cherish their memories and appreciate achievements and impact they’ve made in their respective fields.The meeting allowed them to share their experiences being a FASTian, receive updates on the developments campus has made and share their valuable feedback from the industry/market. National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences with the collaboration of American Society of Civil Engineers – Student Chapter held an educational trip to Neelum-Jhelum Hydropower plant. The purpose of this trip is to educate the students of the Civil Department first-hand regarding the workings of hydropower plants in generating power. The trip lasted for two days, i.e. 18th Nov to 19th Nov. Neelum Jhelum Hydro-Power Project is a 970 MW project located … ACM Team decided that students studying Programming Fundamentals could greatly benefit from tutoring sessions as many fresh students do not have a programming  background. In order to cater to this pivotal need of theirs, interviews were conducted and students from senior batches were selected who had at least A- grade in their Programming Fundamentals course. Around a hundred freshman year students registered which were then divided onto selected ten Peer … UCL Sportsfest was held between 17th to 19th of November where 100+ of our sportsman represented FAST across various sports. Our sports teams made us proud at the event showcasing immense talent, resilience and grit on the sporting field. We bagged 20+ medals in total along with the biggest award that there was at UCLSportsfest, THE BEST DELEGATION. Here’s an insight to our team performance at the event. Cricket Tapeball: … The finality of prophethood necessitates that the duty of calling towards the religion of Allah, acting in accordance with it, and establishing it in every sphere of life now lies with the Muslims. It is from the virtues of this Ummah that we enjoin good and forbid evil, just as our Prophet (SAW) had done, and how his companions had followed. We must, therefore, give attention to this duty … ACM and CCS brought an amazing session delivered by none other than the program director at the Punjab IT Board, Mr. Jahanzeb Akbar. The event was organized on November 17, 2022 from 4:00- 5:30 pm. Sir Jahanzeb also had a meeting with the Director of FAST-NUCES Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed and also presented his book “The Effective Project Manager – A ten step guide” to him. Afterwards, he addressed some … Fast Music Society participated in the Bestival held at BNU from the 3rd to the 6th of November. They bagged trophies in multiple categories which include Western Singing, Battle of the Bands and Instrumental.Our very own band won the runners-up trophy in the Battle of Bands category after blowing everyone away with their energetic performance! Naveed, our talented singer and guitarist left everyone speechless and got the first position in … Allah, exalted be He, has placed special benefits in the acts done to worship Him alone. One of the greatest of these acts is Salah, and Wudu which leads up to Salah, so, Allah has blessed these acts to such an extent that whoever performs them purifies themselves both physically and spiritually. With every splash of water, the sins of the believer wash away, and with every prostration, the sins … DRAMAF performed at BNU Bestival on 5th November, 2022. The name of the play was “Hotel Nayaab” written and directed by Shujaat Hussain and Muhammad Ibrahim. The play was a success at the festival and we were fortunate enough to bag the Runners Up position at the event. Also, we won the award of best delegation. DRAMAF performed at the LUMS Dramafest as well on 13th November, 2022. The name of the play was “Takhayul” directed by Hamna Rehman and Taimoor Mohsin. The final year students of Electrical Engineering department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences Lahore campus went on an informative industrial tour to i2c Inc. i2c is a global provider of highly-configurable digital banking and payments solutions.During the tour, students were received with a welcome presentation by the representatives of the company, followed by a brief introduction about i2c’s business operations that go with payment processing, contract management, … BNU Bestival X was held between 3rd to 9th of November where 100+ of our sportsman represented FAST across various sports. Our sports teams made us proud at the event showcasing immense talent, resilience and grit on the sporting field. We bagged 22 medals in total along with the biggest award that there was at Bestival X, THE TEAM TROPHY IEEE-NUCES along with Fast Data Science Society and ACM Fast Lahore collaborated with GDSC Fast Lahore to bring an insightful seminar on the topic “New Era of Computerization” with the purpose to enlighten the details about the future of computing. The final year students of Electrical Engineering department of FAST-NU Lahore campus went on an informative industrial tour to Descon Engineering (Lahore Manufacturing Works - LMW). Descon Engineering  Limited is an integrated engineering services and manufacturing company operating in Pakistan, Middle East and Africa. During this tour, the students were received with a welcome presentation by the company representatives. The presentation included a brief introduction of the company followed by … No man has ever planted a tree that remains firm on the Earth while it's branches reach the heavens. This, certainly, is not a task for someone unaware of the rewards of a few words which are dear to Allah. Anyone who proclaims His greatness (Allahu Akbar) and remains firm upon the Kalma of His oneness (La Ilaha Illallah), then it as if he has planted a tree reaching the … Every year, breast cancer kills more than 500,000 women around the world. The significant reason for this is unawareness. In a global effort to raise awareness of breast cancer, October has been designated as the Pink Month.This year, on 31st October, Fast Care collaborated with Pink Ribbon Organization and observed Pink Day to educate students about breast cancer risk factors, to spread awareness of precautionary measures, and to support those … Allah has made religion easy for His servants, and part of this ease is that with every Wudu performed, and every prayer prayed, the sins of the serveant of Allah fall and wither away just as dry leaves on a branch do. Wudu and Salah are two of the most often-performed acts of worship for a Muslim, and it is the Mercy of Allah that He has made them an … The life of this world is only a moment, a drop in an ocean. We can invest our abilities and resources on this world, and we may get some limited return based on those investments, but once death approaches us all of that becomes irrelevant. Hence, is it not better that we invest in something that not only gives us a maximum return, but also continues to last even after … The American Society of Civil Engineers with the collaboration of the Ravi Urban Development Authority held a seminar. This specific seminar helped the students realize the growth of the city that they currently reside in, and the projects taking place to help support that immense and rapid growth. This helps understand the need, importance and the background of this project which is urbanizing the banks of Ravi. The Ravi Urban … A delegation from France, Switzerland, and the French Embassy met with the director of FAST NUCES, Lahore, Dr Hammad Naveed, and the student council to convey their ideas and plans regarding future collaborations with FAST. The session proved to be quite effective in fulfilling its primary purpose, which was to seek the members' interests in the programme. The session ended with a highly interactive Q&A session with the students, which … Graphic designing workshop was held on 12th October by a reputable member of FAST Alumni, Mr. Usama Masood who gave students the ideal introduction to the massive world of graphic designing. FSDS successfully executed yet another very informative seminar on the topic of "Cloud Computing and Big Data" where Mr. Ali Khawaja, Senior Cloud Solutions Architect from Microsoft enlightened us with important lessons from his 18 years of experience at Microsoft and the much needed industry insights for the students who are interested in starting a career in this domain. Character Building Society conducted an event “Productivity & Fitness” & “The Giant within” in partnership with the country heads at Youth Club. The first speaker of the session was Muhammad Ali  who addressed the students about “The Giant within” The second speaker of the session was Tuaha ibn Jalil from Youth Club who addressed students about “Productivity & Fitness” which boosted moral values and integrity in the students. Career Counselling Society arranged a seminar on Prioritizing Career Paths and Goal Setting on 18th October, 2022. The seminar was hosted by Educative and professionals from each of their departments imparted knowledge to FASTIANS. The speakers included Sadaf Umer (HR), Talha Zubair, Ammar Khan and many more. The seminar was attended by a diverse pool of students from every batch. ICE-NUCES organized a one day training workshop on Civil 3D to familiarize aspiring engineers with the environment of such a significant software. The workshop was conducted by a professional geotechnical engineer Engr. Mohammed Ahmed Khan who delivered an impactful lecture on the topic and provided a basic understanding of the capabilities and features of Civil 3D through demonstration and real life examples. Another guest speaker Engr. Muhammad Asif who is … One of the most fundamental duties on humans on this Earth, in fact the primary duty, is to uphold the Word of Allah as the highest, to diminish evil, and to spread good. This is what the Ummah of the Prophet (saw) is here for. Where we take care of our personal worships such as Salah, it is equally important that we stop evil, spread good, and discharge this duty … The Fast Expressa ‘22 aimed to be an ice-breaking session for new batch at FAST NUCES, to bring forth the efforts and efficiency of Fast Business Club to Bact’22. This was a non-academic event for the freshers to pave the way for everyone equally and cordially be a part of the event. The FAST Sports Society arranged a whole week of exciting sports for the students. The event was called “INTRAFAST”. Students from all departments registered and fully participated in the event. The response was absolutely overwhelming. The INTRAFAST was held for 6 days starting from 3 rd October and ending on 9 th October with daily sports events being held from 12PM to 6PM. VOICE represented FAST in two competitions; Beacon House Liberty Campus Kasuri cup and KEMU; King Edward Medical College Debating Championship. The teams performed extremely well in both competitions and one team consisting of two individuals; Abdullah Maqsood and Mudassar Seemab(ALUMNI FAST) bagged the trophy for Best team and Best Urdu open. We are proud of these individuals! Prize distribution ceremony was held on 7th Oct 2022 at Lahore campus. Honorable Rector Dr Aftab Ahmed and director Dr Hammad Naveed graced the event with their presence. Mr Naeem-ul-Haq Co-founder of educative also attended the ceremony as a guest of honor. A 2 day medical camp was organized by FASTCARE in collaboration with DR.ESSA LABORATORY. Various services like free blood sugar test, CBC for dengue, haemoglobin test, hepatitis screening and much more was offered on campus to all the students and faculty. Over 200 tests were administered and all that was made possible by the hard work of the sedulous team members and the volunteers alike. The Book of Allah is indeed the grand solution to all our problems. It is the answer to our prayers for guidance and help, and in it, we find direction for whatever phase we might be in our life. Allah, exalted be He, has left nothing unexplained in His book, The Qur'an. So, it should be upon every Muslim to take refuge in the Qur'an and reflect deeply upon its … Idyllic Youth Society celebrated Teacher's Day by organizing an event where different reknown educationists such as Mr. Amjad Hussain, Mr. Bilal Hashmi and Mr. Qaisar Duraani were invited as our honorable guests. They shared their life experience with the students at FAST. The ceremony ended with the distribution of gifts between our HOD of CS Dept. Dr Kashif Raza, our Faculty Advisor Idyllic Youth Society Prof. Raziuddin and our guests … The road to success is indeed for the one who struggles in its completion, who works for the desired goal day and night, and should sacrifice be necessary, does not hesitate upon it. And what is there to be successful in rather than being witnesses to La Ilaha Illallah (There is no god but Allah)? Indeed, that is the ultimate success. So, glad tidings to the one who strives in … The purpose of the “Intro to Git & GitHub” session was to introduce and explain the use Git and GitHub. The guest speaker Mr. Bilal Shahzad, Director of IBAX - A Blockchain Infrastructural Network, ensured that the content was delivered effectively, and catered to the questions from the audience. The session was also attended by Dr. Kashif Zafar, Head of the Computer Science Department at FAST NUCES. The following points … Career Counselling Society arranged an Industry Trip to Arfa Karim Tower on 7 October, 2022 in collaboration with ACM. The trip was the first of its kind where CCS took a diverse pool of 35 students from all batches and departments. Students toured the following places: -METRO Bus Command & Control Center -PITB Data Center -ITU Orientation, Labs etc -Plan 9 Incubating Center -Ozi Technologies The tour went really smoothly … MOU signed between (NUCES), Lahore Campus with Dr. Essa Laboratories & Diagnostic Center, Lahore for discounts. 25 % Discount on All Pathology (Tests), 20 % Discount on All Radiology scans including X-rays, Ultrasounds & E.C.G., 100% Free Home sample collection services (Within the Lahore), Covid-PCR tests will be of Rs. 3500, Free Covid-Booster shots [Pfizer, Sinopharm, Sinovac], 10 % Discount on Dental Services, 10 % Discount on our upcoming services … The students of 2022 batch enjoyed their first trip, to Kartarpur Corridor. Our Director, faculty members from all disciplines and Student Center staff accompanied the students to ensure the safety of the trip and allow to students to feel at ease with the management. FAST School of Computing organized a seminar on Resilient Network Load Balancing for Data Center Networks Datacenters (DCs) provide the backbone for online services such as web search and social networks. To deliver high bandwidth to such services, modern data centers are often structured as multi-rooted tree topologies, resulting in multiple paths between every pair of servers. To optimally utilize the available bandwidth, an efficient network load balancing scheme is … One of the greatest blessings of Allah upon His servants is the Qur'an, and the ability to recite it is an immense source of reward in His Sight. Indeed, it is the ones who remember Allah who become successful. Know that Allah never wastes the call of the one who calls upon Him. In fact, He is, at all times, ready to respond in a considerably better way. So recite … The servant of Allah is constantly in need of the Mercy of Allah, without which one is lost evidently. The Most Merciful has, therefore, granted us several passive and active methods to seek His forgiveness and, by His leave, because successful in this world and the next. We should strive to invoke the forgiveness of Allah, and we should make sure we never make ourselves devoid of such a necessity. Keeping in mind the need for the latest and up-to-date information in this new changing world, SOFTEC hosted a seminar “scene on Hai” that would provide valuable industry insights on the Tech ecosystem in Pakistan. The speaker, Mr. Umair Khan, is a seasoned VC from Silicon Valley and also an entrepreneur with over 20 industry patents. The event was based on the intriguing question of the future of the tech … In light of the recent devastations of the flooding in major parts of Pakistan, a fundraiser was planned to help the victims. DramaF and FMS joined hands for this highly crucial cause and Shajar e Umeed, as it was named, was planned. The event was held successfully on 20th September 2022. Tickets were set up for the event and all the ticket sales were put together as a donation for … The batch 2022 photo was a success! Pretty people with pretty smiles could be seen everywhere. Students not only got their batch photo taken but also posed in front of the camera for individual or group photos with their friends. Our favourite part of the day was when students gathered again for the second part of the batch photo with flashlights in the dark!! To become ideal Muslims and to perform those duties which are required of us, it is imperative that we understand and seek knowledge of what it is to be done in the first place. In addition to this fundamental principle of seeking knowledge, one must also seek forgiveness for the sins they may have committed, and remain determined on avoiding them at all costs. These principles are, therefore, a key … Department of Sciences & Humanities, Lahore campus has initiated a regular mathematics seminar series from Fall 2022. In this weekly activity, a one-hour session is conducted every Wednesday (4:30 - 5:30) pm. All current PhD scholars and some of the mathematics faculty members are delivering talks on emerging topics in their research areas. This seminar series is proving to be very informative for the graduate students in particular. Moreover, this … FAST Society of Data Science organized a seminar on the topic of Data Analytics in collaboration with Transformatics. Mr. Nauman Mir and Mr. Bilal Bin Munir took us on a detailed journey of what Data Analytics really is and how you can enter the industry. Indeed, an insightful event, with a participation of more than 250 students and faculty of FAST NUCES. Voice FAST held their ice breaking session on Monday, 19th September, 2022 to a great success and response from the students. It served as a great opportunity for the new batch to interact with their seniors and learn more about the society. Along with many fun-filled activities, different debating categories were also introduced to the students. Additionally, they were briefed about what they can expect to give and learn from … IEEE NUCES collaborated with NUCES MEDIA GROUP and Stacks FAST in order to conduct an informative seminar on Intelligent NFT(by cloud city metaverse) with the help of STACKS FAST. This seminar was arranged with the motive of giving introduction to students about a new emerging technology; NFTs that has swept the globe. This seminar gave good information about NFTs that are used in several specific applications that require unique digital … IEEE  organized a fantastic workshop on machine learning, beginning with the fundamental unit of any intelligent product or service: neural nets. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director of FAST NUCES Lahore and the computational biology research laboratory, conducted it in a noteworthy way. It covered one of the most recent topics of the era. The workshop invited students from all disciplines and batches and achieved the goal of arousing the interest of … Career Counseling Society (CCS) has held a critical role within FAST as a bridge between students and the industry. CCS collaborated with students from LGS JT Girls Campus and their IT society for a campus tour. A delegation of 19 students observed campus life here firsthand. They also visited the engineering labs of the campus. The tour was held on the 8th of September from 2-4: 30 pm. It was … One of the greatest responsibilities of the servants of Allah is, without doubt, prayer. Prayer is the key to numerous victories in this life and the next. And as Iqbal puts it, this one Sajda saves you from a million others. Indeed, the one who safeguards his prayer, is the one closest to his Lord. The possessor of intellect understands this key element, and protects this sacred pillar with all … FBC partnered with SABC (South Asian Business Concern) which is a management consultancy company that has an authority given by PFG (Prudential Financial Limited) for branding the Startups/Entrepreneurship development programs to provide the taste of Global Financial Markets. Moreover, PFG searches and prepares the best future brains and empower them with the skills to handle financial markets. Students have been studying debt instrumentsin their theoretical subjects, so these programs would … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU conducted a Q&A session on the Fulbright scholarship.During the event, the director of FAST, Dr. Hammad Naveed, addressed the questions and queries of the students and guided them regarding the Fulbright scholarship. The session was held at the new auditorium on 8th September 2022. It was a very informative session; everyone acquired basic knowledge about the Fulbright scholarship, which is indeed one of the best scholarship … Career Counseling Society conducted an insightful seminar to educate students about the CSS exam on September 15th, 2022. Mr Ahsan Faraz Gondal, the position holder of CSS 2021, was invited to share do’s and don’ts for CSS preparation. The event was held in the Syed Rafaqat Ali auditorium from 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm. The speaker started off the session by introducing the exam to the students. He briefed the … To appreciate the hard work and dedication of the exceptional SOFTEC team, SOFTEC organized an award ceremony on 14th September 2022. Directed by SOFTEC’s management, this event aimed to appreciate all who had worked hard day and night to make SOFTEC'22 a huge success. The ceremony began with the name of Allah Almighty and was followed by the National Anthem. The important guests included Mr. Hammad Naveed – the director … Career Counseling Society invited Mr Ahmad Manzoor, founder and CEO of Pakistan Blockchain Institute, to deliver a seminar on blockchain development on September 12th, 2022. The event was held in the Syed Rafaqat Ali auditorium from 11:30 pm - 1:00 pm. The speaker educated the students about the avenues in the emerging field of blockchain technology. Students having an interest in the field keenly listened to the speaker. Mr Manzoor … Fast Care collaborated with Sundas Foundation on the 15 th of September to collect blood from volunteering students to save the lives of Thalassemia and Haemophilia patients. Sundas Foundation provides blood and blood products for all fatal diseases to patients, the government, and private hospitals with no charges. Faculty members and students volunteered to donate blood, and we collected approximately 116 blood bags in just 7 hours of blood camp. … A research talk on "Linear time algorithm to calculate Wiener Index in unicyclic and bicyclic graphs" was given by Khawaja Muhammad Fahad, PhD on 16th September. The seminar was organized by Graduate Research Lab (GRL) Committee in Computer Science Department. In the talk, Dr. Fahd discussed about Wiener Index. Specifically, he discussed about undirected, unweighted graph in which Wiener Index is defined as the sum of all the edge-distances between … Be in this world as if you are a stranger or a passerby. The attainment of enlightenment starts by understanding the temporary nature of this world, and the permanence of the hereafter. This life is merely an arrangement of delusions. The one who understands these diversions, and then works towards being nearer to the final abode near their Lord, will indeed be successful. This lies in understanding Jannah, and how … The servant of Allah need only act and he will find that his Lord is well within his reach, for every step towards Him is reciprocated tenfold by the Most Merciful. The understanding and application of this relationship between Allah and His servants is the crux of success, and achieving closeness to your Lord is indeed achieving a manifest victory. We need only arise and walk towards our Creator and … On 7th September, 2022, following the amazing success of the previous in-person USEFP exchange semester program information session with Javeria Nadeem batch'18, on high demand, another online session to facilitate all those who couldn't make it last time had been organised by NUCES ACM. The two sessions lead primarily by Javeria allowed the attendees to acknowledge all there was to know regarding the program - from its initial preparations to … Voice and Idyllic Youth collaborated for Defence Day celebration on 6th September 2022. The event consisted of a flag hoisting ceremony in front of the CS department followed by an Honorary Declamation Competition. The competition was bilingual with 30 participants showcasing their skills. It was a full day event starting at 12 and ending at 5pm. Short documentaries on defense day were also shown to increase the knowledge of students … FAST SPORTS SOCIETY conducted a charity fund raiser double wicket tournament for the flood affectees of Pakistan on Friday 2nd September. The event was a success as numerous teams participated and put their skills to display while the management made sure the tournament was smooth sailing and pulled off everything to the best of their abilities. It was a small effort from our side as we intended to add our … Career Counseling Society greeted the new batch with a session specific to them. With our guest Mr. Khizer Hayat Sani from Conrad Labs, we highlighted various aspects of university life and how to find interest in the respective fields. The event was held in CS-14 on 31 August, 2022. Undoubtedly, the new batch holds immense talent and will increase the overall positivity and academic prowess of our university. The natural design signifies collectiveness when it comes to dealing with human beings. The results and impact created by actions of an individual has a communal effect. Thus, in parallel to personal correctness of actions, equal attention and effort is required for collective correctness. In a personal capacity, every student can feel responsible for their own circles and peer groups, and start connecting with them on these lines. Actionable strategies, including reverting to Prayers, Repentance and large scale charity drives; investing in Afterlife for maximising the returns was discussed. Also, peer to peer in-person marketing to motivate others to participate was also emphasized on. The Electrical Engineering department of the National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences FAST NUCES, Lahore campus in collaboration with the Career Services Office of the university arranged an informative Industrial Tour for the graduating students of the Electrical Engineering (Computer Stream) to Mentor graphics (Siemens) on Thursday 26 May 2022. The students were received with a welcome presentation by one of the company’s representative. The presentation included a brief … The Electrical Engineering Department of NUCES-FAST, in collaboration with the Career Services Office of the university, arranged an Industrial Tour for the graduating students of the Electrical Engineering (Electronics Stream) to PEL factory unit on Monday, 30 May 2022. During this tour, the students were received a welcome presentation consisting of a brief introduction of the company and their contribution to the market in terms of their products. The students … Pukaar Community in collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore arranged a seminar on Emotional Intelligence by a Clinical Physiologist, Fatima Tahir. The seminar was held on 18 May 2022. The team has planned a series of seminars on mental health awareness across the country throughout the year. Only by educating and increasing the awareness about mental disorders and by recognizing them as a real illness, we can prevent the disastrous effects … The second day of Orientation Day for batch 2022 brought the students of Electrical Engineering, Civil Engineering and Management Sciences to their new institute. Syed Rafaqat Auditorium was filled to the fullest as the management welcomed the newbies. Our societies were once again in action and spread the word of their operations among the new batch. Any effort for good, when done in sync with the efforts of Rasulullah (S.A.W), is acceptable in the eyes of Allah.  Finality of prophethood implies that the responsibility of the prophetic efforts of dawah, trickles down to each member of the Ummah. These efforts, when done inline with the efforts of Prophet PBUH, will result in the promised hidayah (guidance). وَٱلَّذِينَ جَـٰهَدُوا۟ فِينَا لَنَهْدِيَنَّهُمْ سُبُلَنَا ۚ وَإِنَّ ٱللَّهَ لَمَعَ ٱلْمُحْسِنِينَ. … SOFTEC organized an exemplary seminar From FAST 2 AMAZON on 1st September 2022. The seminar's goal was to educate the students who want to secure jobs abroad or are worried or facing stress related to finding jobs. Mr. Syed Muhammad Ali Mustafa shared his own journey with the students about how he secured a job as a Software Development Engineer in Amazon without any granted privileges. He added, he kept … The flood Relief Campaign started from 29th August 2022 and ended on 5th September 2022. It was conducted in collaboration with the Alkhidmat foundation. The main purpose of the Flood Relief Campaign was to collect donations for the people that were affected by flooding in South Punjab. Baluchistan, and interior Sindh. Flood Drive desk was set up on a daily basis from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm for the whole … FAST CARE organized a Book Drive. It started from 29th August 2022 and ended on 1st September 2022. The main purpose of the Book Drive was to collect books that were unused or slightly used and that help others who are unable to buy those books. Book Drive desk was set up on daily basis from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm. A total of 82 books were collected from the … Career Counseling Society hosted the youth-led global non-profit organization, AISEC, on 1 September, 2022. The representatives set up a stall in front of the cafe and got an immensely positive response from the students. By visiting the stall, students could get information, and register themselves in the community. Our guests enjoyed their time and left with smiles. Wired, a workshop on IoT, sponsored by Grandeur, was held at NUCES-FAST on 31 May, 2022. Stacks FAST Chapter hosted Grandeur for this hands-on session. Grandeur introduced its software and hardware tools to the students. The event took place in the Old Auditorium with 40+ participants and was a successful one. FAST Sports society represented Lahore Campus at NasCon. It provided all the young players a chance to exhibit their talent and explore their untapped potential. The event was a huge success and we received an overwhelming welcome and respect from all the organizers and support staff. The three-day event included various competitions. Our Futsal and Badminton teams ended up victorious and brought back trophies. The management team did a great … Stacks FAST Chapter successfully completed it's first Clarity Cohort in the university in Spring 2022. About 30 students registered for the 8-week long bootcamp. From the basics of blockchain to smart contracts on Clarity language, the students were made familiar with all. The course concluded with a couple of assignments. Fast Sports Gala’22 has successfully been concluded. There was overwhelming response from all the participants and sponsors. Employees from the corporate sector from various software houses took part in different sports including Volley, Chess, Futsal, Cricket, Arm Wrestling, Foosball. The management team was efficient during and after the matches and accommodated all the participants in this scorching heat. Companies like EMPG labs, i2c, WeRplay won a huge number of matches … 'Heartiest Congratulations To Our FMS Family! Our performers in FMS recently participated in Battle of the Bands and Individual Singing at NasCon'22 held in Fast Islamabad. Our band consisting of Naveed Ali, Hussnain Afzal, Maaz Abid, Wasi Haider, Najia Ikhlaq, bagged a Runners Up position in BotB and one of our talented singers, Aaliyan Sami, placed third position in Individual Singing! We could not be more proud of our members … Fatimid Foundation X FASTCare Donate your blood for a reason, let the reason to be life. FASTCare collaborated with @fatimid_foundationlahore in a blood camp and successfully managed to collect more than 60 bottles of blood. What a year it has been for society and everyone around. We would like to sign off this year’s FASTCare’s events on a high note of managing and helping the foundation collect such a huge … The flagship event of ACM student chapter, GeekWeek’22 was held on 21st May, 2022. As promised, a legion of competitions and workshops inspired a diverse set of participants in this year's competition and, indeed, GeekWeek'22 had it all. FAST Lahore had it's Semester Finale Session of Provisions for Seekers. The idea of the Prophetic efforts of Dawah, and the responsibility which trickles down to each individual of the Ummah as per Khatm e Nabuwwat (Finality of Prophethood) to create an enabling environment which connects everyone with Allah was discussed.Director FAST Lahore campus, Dr. Hammad Naveed was also present. The flagship event of Career Counseling Society, Job Fair ’22 was held on 14 May, 2022. The event hosted 80+ companies from all domains of the industry. It was a one-day event, with timings from 9:00 am – 5:00 pm. The companies were provided refreshments and lunch. All companies collected resumes, some conducted interviews and tests as well. The closing ceremony was held in New Auditorium, where Director, Dr. Hammad … The Critical Spectacle took place on 23rd May 2022. We hosted Muzammil Shah, a well-known news anchor. The event started with the Voice team receiving Mr.Muzammil. After that, an interview began where a series of questions were asked. Questions ranged from political, social, and philosophical questions. After that, the audience was given a chance to ask Mr.Muzamil there own questions. Finally, the event was concluded by presenting him with a … One Day Trip to Dunga Gali! A place where Fastians went to explore and discover the amazing views and enjoyed the weather which was an escape from Lahore's hot weather. We left Lahore at 12 am, reached Dunga Gali around 8 am, had breakfast at Hotel Amore which was very delicious. All of us started to trek on pipeline track and enjoyed the mesmerizing views along with the path, at … The session on Natural Language Processing was organized on Friday, 20 th May. Our Guest Speaker, Mr. Hamza Farooq is a Research Manager from Google and ( Alumni of FAST) Mr. Hamza gave insights on NLP innovations and industrial trends. Mr.Hamza also gave career development advice. He told students about his journey from FAST to Google.The session was conducted on Bevy virtually, 87 Attendees including a few teachers gained valuable … An insightful Workshop on “STABILITY ANALYSIS OF A ROCK SLOPE AND AN OPEN PIT USING 3DEC & was conducted by Brig (Retd) Prof Sarfraz Ali who is currently serving as a Prof at Wits Mining Institute (WMI), University of the Witwatersrand. Objectives of the workshop was to introduce the procedures for numerical, geotechnical stability, stability of a slope, reinforced slope and an open pit analysis in 3 DEC software to … The Medal Distribution Ceremony at NUCES-FAST Lahore was held on campus on 20th May 2022. Dr. Aftab Maroof (Rector, NUCES-FAST) and Dr. Hammad Naveed  (Director Campus, Lahore) graced the event with their presence and distributed the medals to students of all batches and degree programs. Two prominent alumnis Mr. Umair Majeed and Ms. Ayesha Chaudhry were the Guest of Honor at the event. They shared some wise words and their journey … Pukaar Community in collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore arranged a seminar on Emotional Intelligence by a Clinical Physiologist, Fatima Tahir. The seminar was held on 18 May 2022. The team has planned a series of seminars on mental health awareness across the country throughout the year. Only by educating and increasing the awareness about mental disorders and by recognizing them as a real illness, we can prevent the disastrous effects … IntraFAST Debating Competition took place on 11th May, 2022. The competition was held between 20 teams in total. The entire competition comprised of 2 preliminary rounds which were conducted in 5 separate rooms. Furthermore, the Debate was in British Parliamentary style and 4 teams were shortlisted and sent to the finale. Finale was conducted on the next day followed by an award ceremony. FAST is proud to announce the biggest corporate sports event, FAST Sports Gala 2022, at FAST-NU Lahore from 27th May to 29th May.Companies from all over Pakistan actively take part in sports events, where FAST Sports Society provides them with a platform to encourage healthy competition. The 3-day event has previously been sponsored by various companies. With 8+ sponsors and 3400+ participants, FAST Sports Society managed to pull off an … EMPG Lab visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 26, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science.. Tajir App visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 19, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science.. SlashNext: SlashNext visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 18, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS. Repairdesk: Repairdesk visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their recruitment drive program on 22 March, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and conducted walk-in interviews for graduating and senior batches of BS and MS. Devsinc: Developers Incorporated visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their recruitment drive program on March 24, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and conducted walk-in interviews for graduating and senior batches of BS and MS. On the 1st of April, NMG - Nuces Media Group went to Islamabad to meet up with FPS from FAST Islamabad Campus to join them in our biannual Photowalk! Students from the Lahore campus were greeted by students of Islamabad Campus and breakfast after their long drive. All students then departed and visited Golra Station & its museum, Saidpur Village and the famous Pakistan Monument and its museum. Students then … The Mindstorm Studios Winter Jam '22 marked a new beginning in the gaming Industry in Pakistan. Winter Jam hosted numerous game developers and arranged a youth panel discussion. Director NUCES-FAST Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed was also part of the event. The event on 25 March, 2022, saw the prize distribution of prizes aming the winners and runner-ups. Including our very own Ahmad Nawaz of BS(CS) batch 2020. He secured 2nd … The most anticipated event of FAST NUCES Lahore and the biggest, record-breaking tech event of Pakistan, SOFTEC'22. With 20+ sponsors, 1200+ participants and 10,000+ footfall from all over Pakistan, FAST NUCES is proud to present SOFTEC'22 as its flagship IT event. Bridging the gap between students and the professional world of IT, SOFTEC'22 has proven to be the most beneficial and fun event for Software companies and students. The FAST Music Society hosted the annual FAST Music Fest at FAST Lahore. The event was held after a hiatus of 4 years and expectations were very high. The event brought in the best musicians and singers from around the country to compete in this very close battle. The event was held for one whole day on 19th March 2022, captivating the audience from start to finish. We had a … The FAST Sports Society was invited to FAST Faisalabad to participate in Daira 2022. We accepted the invitation and the event lasted three days, from 25th to 27th March. Our teams were graciously accommodated at the Faisalabad campus. Our hard work paid off and it is with great pride that we inform you that the FAST Sports Society managed to secure five trophies in Volleyball, Cricket, Arm Wrestling, Carom Board … FAST Care conducted its flagship event, named Care For All. The topic for this event was “Care for environment”.Mr Syed Zahid Aziz, CEO Punjab Aab-e-Paak Authority, delivered a speech regarding water pollution and pollution in general. Then, a video of another guest, Mr Ali Tabish, actor/model, was played in the auditorium which touched the subject matters of smog and air pollution. Dr. Hammad Naveed also graced the event with his … An insightful session on "Health and Safety Certifications'' was conducted at Department of Civil Engineering FAST-NU. In this session, Health and Safety professionals from Doosan Academy guided students to various certifications and opportunities in the Health and Safety field. Students of FAST NU Lahore got an opportunity to attend the CIMA business game competition. It was a case study solving competition and 2 teams from FAST participated in it. We are proud to announce that both the teams qualified to the last round and were able to score 3rd (Hustlers) and 4th position (Passion Pavers). They were required to solve 4 preassigned questions and along with submitting a report, … FAST School of Management is pleased to announce the 2nd cycle of "Business Analytics with Python: Boot Camp for Beginners ". This boot camp is designed for absolute beginners with an analytical aptitude and who aspire to join the business analytics industry. Bootcamp will be organized both on-campus and online. The most prominent ride-sharing app, Careem, visited NUCES-FAST for a Speed Programming Competition.   Our guests awarded Rs. 25000 to the winner and appreciated all participants. The recruitment drive happened in collaboration with Career Counseling Society and the university is hopeful for hosting Careem at Job Fair '22. The IEEE-NUCES Lahore Branch conducted a tech talk on 15th March 2022. The event was held in Old Auditorium during 2:30 pm to 4:00 pm. To grab the audience attention, the emails were sent to the students and the posts related to the event were shared on social media platforms. The speakers for the seminar were Mr. Kashif Wajid Qureshi and Mr. Uzair Tariq, who are Senior Software Engineers. They … FAST Lahore hosted Cricketer Inzamam ul Haq, where he delivered a talk at the session "Welcoming Ramadhan". It was a full-house event and the student body was very elated by this initiative taken by the university. Moral and social values, especially Parental rights were highlighted in the light of Quran and Sunnah. A special emphasis was put on preparing for Ramadhan by setting goals for the blessed month, and then … DevSinc was at NUCES-FAST on 29 March, 2022 for a Recruitment session. Human Resource Representatives from the company were present in New Auditorium. They shared thorough details of their organization's recruiting process. We are hopeful that DevSinc will continue to be our guest and share their knowledge with our students. On 10 th march 2022, FAST Business Club conducted for the very first time in the history of FAST a one of its kind ‘Business Startup exhibition’. This exhibition proved to be a fabulous event where the startup heroes of FAST emerged on the surface and got a chance to learn about the customer point of view regarding their products and what strategy should they adopt on large scale business … Dramaf recently had tha opportunity to perform at Alhamra. The invitation was sent all over Pakistan and six scripts were selected from there to perform at their “First Women Art Festival”. The theme was “breaking the bias”, and Dramaf performed their script “Takhayyul”, written by Mahreen Ghafoor, and directed by Rana Tabish Saeed and Hamna Rehman. The play was about the inner struggles, and prejudices that women have to fight … An educational visit was arranged by ASCE NUCES to KHANKI BARRAGE on Saturday 5th MARCH 2022. This visit was arranged to enable the students to understand the basics of barrage and its components and give them a visual experience of the working of a barrage. Dramafest is an annual theatre event organized by DramaF where universities from all over Pakistan compete. This year we had a one day event on the 17 th of March. We had seven participating teams. The reporting started around 9 am and the performances were initiated at around 1pm. The last performance was the host play by Dramaf, after which the award ceremony was conducted. The performances by all the … FAST's very own Music Society, known as FAST Music Society to many, participated in various categories under Music Mania at UCP Taakra 2022. They showcased their talent in Battle of the Bands, Eastern and Western Singing, as well as Instrumentals. Hussnain Afzal and Izza Mujeeb were able to clinch both positions of Winner and Runner Up respectively, in the instrumental category, and made FAST proud. Seminar on Water Management in Pakistan's Indus Basin was delivered by Engineer Muhammad Hasnain Khan who is retired “Chief Engineer “from Punjab Irrigation Department. The seminar included: 1) A special Talk on Indus Water Treaty and Indus River System Authority (IRSA) accord 1991. 2) Engineer Hasnain's professional experience as a Water Resource Engineer in the Punjab Irrigation Department. The seminar was organized by ICE NUCES - Student Chapter Dr Summaira Sarfraz Prof. Dean Faculty of Sciences and Humanities  was invited as a Guest Speaker on the International Women’s Day (IWD) 8, March 2022 at Confiz Limited Lahore. In her address Dr Summaira highlighted the challenges a woman faces in the workplace and emphasized the importance of professional development as an effective strategy to equip women to address these challenges. She further expressed that hard work , persistence and commitment are the key factors to achieve success. The event was attended by a large … The FAST Sports Society arranged a whole week of exciting sports for the students. The event was called “INTRAFAST”. Students from all departments registered and fully participated in the event. The response was absolutely overwhelming. The INTRAFAST was held for 6 days starting from 28th February and ending on 5th March with daily sports events being held from 12PM to 6PM consisting of sports which included Futsal, Cricket, Volleyball, Table … KE visited FAST NUCES Lahore to call out applications for 7/11+ Innovation Challenge followed by a meeting with Director Campus, Dr Hammad Naveed and Senior Faculty members. KE enourages entrepreneurs, researchers, students to bring break through ideeas in the areas of clean energy & sustainable cities.   #FASTNULahore #FASTNU By 2025 a colossal amount of 463 exabytes of data is expected to be generated every day globally. SOFTEC’22 held an interactive session on Data Center Industry today. Hosted by Mr. Imran Latif, the Chief Operating Officer of the United States Department of Energy, the event proved to be an undisputed success. Stable storage and optimal retrieval of data were the cornerstones of today’s session. As part of International Women's Day celebrations, the Sciences and Humanities Department invited Ms. Sonia Sadaf, a CSS '17 position holder and a Deputy Secretary to Chief Minister Punjab , to share her personal experiences and recommendations on how to ace CSS and face professional challenges effectively.  The Talk was attended by BS and MS scholars who participated assertively in Q&A  session. The event concluded with closing remarks from Dr. … Students represented FAST at LSE Sports Gala from 25th February to 28th February. In Football, we lost the first round against FCCU by 2-nill. Against LUMS, we lost by a score of 2-1 in semi finals. With LUMS A and LSE alumni being our opponent in Volleyball male , we lost by a close margin. In female volleyball, the competition was tough with LUMS, and after winning 1 set with … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU has held another successful seminar in collaboration with CureMD Pakistan, based primarily on the company’s Young Inventor Program. The event was hosted in the Old Auditorium and had a sizable attendance of over 50 students. The presentation had its main focus on discussing entrepreneurship and exposing the audience to new ideas and avenues available to them. ACM Buddy Program! Indeed few other moments in life can be as challenging as one's time in university. That's why our Ex President, Raphael Nazirullah, recently gave a super inspirational talk on handling the peculiarities of university life, which combined with the fresh lens of new students, can seem ever more daunting. Students received powerful tips to maintain a healthy work-life balance and how to succeed both academically and professionally … Provisions for Seekers SessionDiscussion on Takeaways from the Prophet’s (PBUH) expedition to the valley of taif and on moral values and well human being in the light of Quran and Sunnah.~Regular sessions would be conducted every Tuesday and Thursday at 2:15pm-2.40pm in EM 6. NUCES Lahore is delighted to announce that DirAction has started it's e-commerce courses at FAST NUCES, LahoreThe first batch successfully completed it's course. Three-Day English Language Teachers Training was held at Lahore Campus from February 09-11,2022. The pre-semester training is the regular feature of English program to train the faculty with the updated  teaching methodologies. The training was attended by the visiting and permanent English language faculty. The training covered the best practices in communication and presentation skills teaching and learning methodologies,lesson planning,rubrics development and evaluation processes. The English Faculty of Lahore Campus visited Gurdawara Darbar Sahib in Kartarpur. It was the end semester recreational trip of the faculty. The faculty interacted with the Sikh Yateries visiting from India and exchanged pleasantries. The objective of the FAST Track is straightforward - equipping you with the right skills to join the digital marketplace as a Manager or Business Owner!   Starting from January 24, 2022 Timings: 14:00 to 17:00 hrs Venue: TBA Monday through Friday   To get registered please visit https://bit.ly/GetRegistered/FASTTrackCourse   For fee submission please visit  Student Center during office hours (8:30-16:15 hrs) CARE app is now launched which will unify the efforts of care and bring about digital medium where we can know the best efforts of Fast Care Society. App developers: Haasin Farooq Maryam Rasool Career Counselling Society arranged a seminar session on December 20th, 2021, to talk about the job opportunities and the recruitment process at Folio3. The seminar comprised of an esteemed panel of guests belonging to the HR and Development departments of Folio3. Due to their vast experience and knowledge regarding recruitment and technical skills, they were able to deliver valuable insights to the students of FAST. They shared personal stories and … A series of reminder sessions have been initiated, and a session in continuation of the same was conducted today. It was noted that the rewards and virtues promised by the Allah are important in motivating one to do better.Additionally, the responsibilities of the students in creating a better conducive atmosphere at the campus were also discussed, and that we should own our responsibility and collaboratively work for it. Dr Summaira Sarfraz, Dean Faculty School of Sciences and Humanities was invited as a Keynote Speaker at the Virtual International Conference on English Literature, Linguistics, Translation Studies and Faculty Development (ICLLTSFD 2021) organized by the Department of English, Centre for Linguistics, Translation Studies and Faculty Development, University of Education, Lahore with the theme “21st Century Innovative Trends and Future Perspectives in English Literature, Linguistics and Faculty Development” on December 07-08, … NMG recently held a very successful Mushaera event, to give the students a chance to relax and enjoy during the difficult end of term days. It also gave the students, who have a gift in urdu poetry, the chance to showcase their talent.  NMG started advertising on social media and at the university, a few days prior to the event. This advertisement was quite successful as the turn out for … Shaukat Khanam X Fast Care. Donating blood is the essence of helping out humanity's fight in always making sure that there is constant supply of blood available which could saves lives at the time when it's most needed. Hence, dedication, righteousness and kindness is not a word, it's a recursive act and like constant cycles of day and night, it needs to reiterate infinite times because there is no measure … The IEEE NUCES Lahore organized CS-GO tournament was a big hit. The two day event saw 9 teams going head to head to determine the best CS-GO team for FAST. Fighters gave it their all, and despite their valiant efforts, only one was crowned the victor. We at IEEE NUCES, cannot be more proud of our gaming team for making this event a reality, and present to you the highlights … Government College University hosted their ‘All Pakistan Summit of Student Societies’ in order to recognize new talents all around. This year FAST DramaF were the defending champions and hence were bestowed the opportunity to showcase our play at the closing ceremony with a tremendous finish. We formulated a team of 9 actors, 3 of them from our newest batch, to implement the story line written and directed by Asim Shahid. … UCL hosts their annual UCPAF in order to recognize new talents all around.This year, DramaF gave chance to new batches in order to search for raw talent and uncover their passion to act and showcase exceptional skills. We formulated a team of 4 actors, 2 of them from our newest batch, to implement the story line written by Mahreen Ghafoor and Hamna Rehman, our talented writers. Adan Bashir directed the … A delegation of 84 students represented FAST-NU Lahore at UCL SPORTSFEST 2021 from 22nd Nov - 27th Nov 2021. Each participant showed his/her skill set in the field. After a series of intense matches and unparalleled sportsmanship, our teams brought home eight medals. The newest society in FAST held its orientation on 7 December, 2021 i.e., Tuesday.  The event started at the proposed time; 11:00 am. The team had arranged a quiz game before the guests’ arrival at 11:30 am. The event was attended by Director FAST Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed, HOD CS department, Dr Kashif Zafar, Stacks Country Consultant, Mr. Nabeel Qadeer, Stacks community leader, Ms. Syeda Mehak and, Co-advisor of the … Mr. Nabeel A. Qadeer, our alumnus of Batch 2001 visited Dr. Hammad Naveed Director FAST NU Lahore campus. During the meeting many avenues of mutual interest and collaboration were discussed. Mr. Nabeel appreciated and acknowledged the Director's initiative for making the campus infrastructure and students life a memorable one. He also showed his strong commitment in giving back to his alma mater. A Guest Speaker Session arranged by Mr. Farooq Ahmad Randhawa on Leadership Development for (MBA-3A)-Mr Sohail Rizvi is a renowned HR Professional and Trainer with over 40 years of experience (including almost 20 years in USA). He also remained visiting faculty member at FAST School of Management alongside UMT, UET, Punjab University & and many other renowned institutions. Fast Creative Society , mustering up its entire creative output and phenomenal energy, recently Welcomed Batches 2020 and 2021 to an unforgettable evening as the Front Lawn dazzled with glistening lights, arresting people with its distinguished charm. A fun-filled event that superseded everyone's expectations, here are a few highlights! The IEEE NUCES Lahore sponsored CS-GO tournament was a big hit. The two day event saw 9 teams going head to head to determine the best CS-GO team for FAST. Fighters gave it their all, and despite their valiant efforts, only one was crowned the victor. We at IEEE NUCES, cannot be more proud of our gaming team for making this event a reality, and present to you the highlights … Career Counselling Society arranged a seminar session on 23rd November 2021 i.e., Tuesday to talk about the Empower to Lead (E2L) initiative of Fatima Group of companies and the thorough understanding of Fatima Group’s operations and employment opportunities. And this seminar consisted of our esteemed guest Omair Bukhari, a professional of his field and he will be sharing his insight into the world of recruitment for the fresh graduates of … SOFTEC organized a very insightful seminar in collaboration with HR Knowledge Café from OZI Group on November 25th, 2021. The panelists enlightened the audience about how the pandemic has affected the working of the professional world and how we need to adapt to it and use it to our benefit. Looking forward to many more beneficial seminars and panel talks in the future. For now, here are some clicks from … One day industrial visit to Tarbela Dam arranged by Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE NUCES - Student Chapter) under the Industrial/Field Visit Programme initiative of Civil Engineering Department. Tarbela dam is one of the largest man-made dams in the world situated on the right bank of river indus. The dam shows a true symbolic wonder of Civil Engineering marvel. The visit included a comprehensive tour of Tarbela Power House, Right … SOFTEC, hosted its orientation on 18th of November, 2021.The ceremony began with the audience standing up for the national anthem of Pakistan and Recitation of Holy Qur’an. After that, Dr. Kashif Zafar came on stage to enlighten the audience about what one’s goals and aspirations should be for them to become a successful person. He was quoted saying “success is not related to just one parameter, success is everything”. Moving on, … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU brought the idea of Amazon to our university. As professionals from E-skill were with us on 16 November, 2021. Various aspects of Amazon FBA's working and functions were discussed. The guests shared their stories and students cleared all their queries about a career with Amazon Keeping the adventurous spirit of FASTians alive, NFT - NUCES Fun Trekkers Official society on Sunday 14th November organised a successful trip to a breathtaking valley of lakes and springs, lush green fields and an awe-inspiring landscape...Can you guess which place it was? It was indeed Soon Valley in Khushab District in Naushera in Northern Punjab! Containing the highest peaks in the Salt range, it thrilled our students and … Sheikh Salman brings over 14+ years of IT industry experience accumulated across US Europe globally. He has recently joined Systems Limited as a Head of product support. Prior to joining Systems limited he was the Head of service delivery at Next-generation Technology solutions, Senior Manager Product Technology and Operations at Nielsen, Service delivery Manager and Release Manager at Telenor Group, System Analyst at IBEX global and RF Engineer at AT&T … The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. To answer the queries of students regarding CSS, ASCE NUCES Chapter invited Hashim Masood , 15th position holder in CSS '20 to share his own experience and tips to ace CSS. A large mass of CSS Aspirants gathered at the auditorium to seek guidance. The seminar went really well and all the enthusiastic students were deeply involved in the seminar. … DramaF, in collaboration with Fast Care, organised pink day at University on November 1st,2021. Through a play, Umeed e Sehr, written by the very talented Mahreen Ghafoor, DramaF Senior Vice President, our drama team did a remarkable job at creating awareness amongst the students about breast cancer campaign. It is the need of the hour for people to be woke about such stereotyped topics and DramaF through art is rightly … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU in collaboration with FAST Career Services Office Lahore hosted KIPS College Girls, Gulberg Campus for a day. The guests were shown around the campus, given guidance regarding admission and give a glimpse of the campus life at FAST Lahore. The team made sure that the students were given motivation and answers, in order to prepare them for their undergrad journey. On 4th November 2021, IEEE-NUCES Lahore Branch conducted a very successful PYTHON WORKSHOP in the CS-9 lab of the FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus. The preparations for the event were commenced a week before the event date. To begin with, invitations of the workshop were mailed to the student body to ensure that they mark their calendars. In addition to this, banners specifically designed as an invitation to the workshop were hung … As you know we successfully carried out a Photowalk on 7th of November’21. I am attaching the pictures along with the post event report for it. NMG, in collaboration with FPS from Islamabad Campus, conducted a photowak through the streets of Old Lahore. The event was sponsored by Nikon Pakistan. The students from Islamabad and Lahore campuses were served with the breakfast to kickstart the event. Students and the executive members of … "To strive, To seek, To find... and not to yield" This was the motto of FAST Care's "Event: Pink Ribbon", conducted in collaboration with Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital! The event was indeed a success as the audience found themselves absorbed in all the information Shaukat Khanum team delivered! The audience found themselves in awe as DramaF presented a beautiful mime, named "Umeed-e-Sehr", written and directed by the very talented … Character Building Society conducted an event "Khud ki Pukaar" in partnership with the Pukaar Community. During the session, the Pukaar Community experts addressed the mental health stigmas and how to deal with them. The event started with a short introduction of CBS by the president, Syed Muhammad Ali Mustafa. He explained what CBS is and what kind of events are conducted by the society. The speakers of the session were … The long wait comes to an end! Presenting to you our pandemic batch, Batch '20! These folks weren't able to have their batch photo taken when it was time, due to the covid crisis. But they weren't forgotten, as NMG continued the tradition and brought them the opportunity to create this collective batch memory too! A big thank you for all those who joined us and NMG hopes this will … All smiles and a good time with our batch '21 The wait is finally over! Presenting to you the official batch photo for the Class of '21 Thanks to everyone who joined us and to the efforts of our NMG members for a successful batch photo event And remember; it is the people we meet along the way that help us appreciate the journey, a journey that has just begun … The Graphic Designing Workshop hosted by NMG was an exemplary opportunity for all the eager learners out there to boost their creativity. We are dedicated to bring more such great opportunities for you in the future. Stay tuned for updates regarding our upcoming projects! Lahore Division Commissioner Capt (retd) Muhammad Usman kickstarted the door to door coronavirus vaccination campaign under the “Lahore Gets Vaccinated Internship Programme”.The Punjab government has decided to mobilise 1,400 university students to initiate door to door coronavirus vaccination drive. The campaign started on 20 th September 2021. The students of our University took actively part in the internship Batch 2019! The wait is finally over, we are presenting to you the batch photo’19. We are thankful to you all for participating and making this successful. We appreciate the enthusiasm, eagerness, keenness and energy you all showed during this time. Also, hats off to entire NMG team for making it interesting. Hope to do more joyous events soon! Lahore Division Commissioner Capt (retd) Muhammad Usman kickstarted the door to door coronavirus vaccination campaign under the “Lahore Gets Vaccinated Internship Programme”. The Punjab government has decided to mobilise 1,400 university students to initiate door to door coronavirus vaccination drive. The campaign started on 20th September 2021. The students of our University took actively part in the internship IEEE-NUCES Lahore Branch celebrated IEEE Day on 12th October 2021. It was organized in the FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus and was conducted in New Auditorium. The event comprised of two sessions i.e., an Orientation Session and a Freelancing Seminar. Moreover, the IEEE team put an immense amount of effort into decorating the New Auditorium and promoting the event. The event was conducted in the following manner: Career Counselling Society, in collaboration with Career Services Office, arranged a seminar session on 13 October, 2021 to have a thorough insight into career-related issues of fresh graduates. The seminar was presided over by Mr. Faraz Shahid, Head of HR. Mr. Shahid was accompanied by Ms. Hira Shakoor, a member of the recruitment team at Sapphire Textiles.  The webinar started with a slight delay at 10:45 am. The reasons for … Google Developers Student Club Chapter at Fast NU organized an Info Session on Cloud Computing under the advisorship of HOD CS Dept. Dr. Kashif Zafar. The event was attended by the Director of FAST NU Lahore Campus Dr. Hammad Naveed. The Guest Speaker was Mr. Talha Naveed Ghauri, an Alumni of FAST and Application Development Lead from Microsoft. Mr. Talha Naveed delivered a highly informative session covering Cloud Basics and … Career Counselling Society arranged a webinar session on 1 October, 2021 to talk about the importance of freelancing for women. The webinar witnessed the presence of a pioneer entrepreneur, the Co-founder of Elle Tech and an alumnus of FAST, Miss Syeda Mehak.The webinar started on the scheduled time, 10:00 am and thus, went according to the proposed time. The idea was to introduce the female students to freelancing and guide … World Environmental Health Day 26th September has by the International Federation of Environmental Health has been declared ‘World Environment Health Day’ to be celebrated every year. We are going through difficult times, due to COVID-19, declared by the WHO as Pandemic. This Pandemic has come to demonstrate the vital role of the Environmental Health workforce worldwide to face this challenging time for all of humanity. It is necessary to accept … Dr. Summaira Sarfraz, Dean Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, was a Guest Speaker in An Hour With The Guest program hosted by National Highway and Motorway Police. The IGP Dr Syed Kaleem Imam welcomed Dr Summaira Sarfraz to the virtual session. In his welcoming remarks Dr Kaleem lauded the efforts made by the English faculty of NUCES Lahore campus in providing training to the NHMP senior Master Trainers. He further shared … Happy Women's Day to all the incredible women! Shine on.... Not just today but everyday! FAST NUCES Lahore wishes you a Happy International Women’s Day! As part of the first-ever collaboration between FAST National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and National Highway and Motorway Police (NHMP), the ‘Ten-Day Communication Skills Training’ was conducted at Lahore campus from Jan 25 – Feb 04, 2021. Seventeen Senior Patrolling Officers from NHMP Training College, Sheikhupura, participated in the training. The training was conducted by the English faculty headed by Dr. Summaira Sarfraz. The Commandant NHMP Training … "Cracking The Code" This session is designed to add value for students who are about to embark on their professional journey and are excited to land their first job. Speaker: Mr. Junaid Asrar Khan Head of Talent Acquisition & Sustainability, Fatima Group Get yourself register for the session: https://forms.gle/a1MmnSDc3j9vJnV4A Do you want to become part of the Unilever Future Leaders Programme and the Unilever Leadership Internship Programme ? Join us for a virtual campus drive today Monday, February 15, 2021 16:00 to 18:00 hrs The session will be conducted on MS Teams so ensure that you have the application installed on your devices. You can join the session using the link below: https://bit.ly/3pgoIf0 As part of MoU with NHMP, the senior faculty members of FAST NU, Lahore visited NHMP Training College. The faculty members visited different class rooms, monitored training activities and gave their feedback. The faculty members also visited different training facilities of the College. Later, in An Hour With Guest session, Dr. Sumaira Sarfraz delivered a comprehensive lecture on Effective Communication & Media Handling. The faculty appreciated the methods and means … As part of the first-ever collaboration between FAST National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and National Highway and Motorway Police (NHMP), the ‘Ten-Day Communication Skills Training’ was conducted at Lahore campus from Dec. 07 – 18, 2020. Thirteen Senior Patrolling Officers from NHMP Training College, Sheikhupura, participated in the training. The training was conducted by the English faculty headed by Prof. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz. The sessions covered soft … MOU signing ceremony between National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and Startup Grind, Lahore to promote collaboration in the areas of research projects, entrepreneurial workshops and competitions MOU signing ceremony between National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and National Engineering Services Pakistan (NESPAK) Lahore to promote collaboration in the areas of research projects, workshops and trainings. Dr. Hamid Hassan, Director FAST NUCES Lahore campus inaugurated the newly constructed Mac Lab at FAST School of Computing (FSC). This lab is a valuable addition to FSC's technical infrastructure and is expected to facilitate our students in key industry-relevant courses and projects. Prize Distribution Ceremony of IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan 2019-2020 was conducted on 1st October, 2020 for Mohammad Badar Ud Din of FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences, Lahore Campus who secured 7th position in IEEE Xplore IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan 2019-2020. The “IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan” was designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan and to … FAST NUCES Lahore and FAST School of Management warmly welcomes its new students. Here is a quick glimpse of the Orientations for BBS, BS(AF), MBA and MS(AF) Batch 2020 keeping in view all the SoPs for COVID-19. FAST NUCES Lahore and Department of Computer Science warmly welcomes its new students. Here is a quick glimpse of the Orientations for BS(CS), BS(SE) and BS(DS) Batch 2020 keeping in view all the SoPs for COVID-19. MOU signing ceremony between National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES), Lahore and National Highways & Motorway Police (NHMP), Sheikhupura to promote collaboration in the areas of research projects and training. Study Trips & Industrial Trips. The multi-award-winning society "DramaF" from FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus invites you all at the 14th Annual All Pakistan Drama Festival 2020. With a series of applaudable performances from our honorable teams from various institutions all over Pakistan, this will surely be an unmissable event. A seminar on "Women's Role in Corporate Leadership" in connection with the International Women's Day 2020, was jointly organized by the Startup Grind Lahore and FAST NUCES Lahore with the help of the Character Building Society and FAST Care. The seminar included female speakers with extraordinary credentials! who have stood the test of time and are, indeed, good role models for every woman who is struggling one way or another … We are here with an amazing one day trip to Kartarpur. We'll be providing snack boxes especially from Bundu Khan, we'll also have our brunch at an amazing place where we'll have a music Eve later. So don't miss this amazing chance or you'll keep worrying about what question went wrong in the mids. Just a little information guys, the desk would not be there on Monday and Tuesday due … Geek Week is NUCES ACM's annual flagship event. It's a place where geeks and techies from all over the country gather to impart and gain knowledge, and also to test themselves in a variety of ways such as programming competitions, gaming competitions like CS GO, Tekken 7, Chess and much more. Geek Week 2020 will also be host to numerous tech-oriented seminars which will no doubt be beneficial to all … FAST NUCES Lahore is ready to announce the UBL Tech Talent Hunt Program for its students. UBL aims to recruit Technology graduates with the right skill set, helping them achieve their highest potential. Mr. Nabeel A. Qadeer, Chair of UNCTAD-Commonwealth Entrepreneurship Project, Chairman & CEO, Commonwealth Youth Innovation Hub Pakistan will be speaking on Leadership and Entrepreneurship to give students a perspective on how to set the right direction for their careers. Mr. Nabeel A. Qadeer is a Pakistani entrepreneur, television anchor, content producer, and lecturer. His efforts to promote entrepreneurship and to catalyze the startup ecosystem took shape in Idea Croron Ka … A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well … Character Building Society had a poetry recitation (مشاعرہ) titled اچھی بات شاعری کے ساتھ)۔ We are thankful to all the portal who participated especially Ms. Rukhsar Fatima (Director Zauk, LUMS literary society) and Mr. Abdul Sattar from FAST-NUCES. This event was the result of the tireless efforts of the members of Character Building Society - FAST Lahore. FAST NUCES Lahore and Meezan Bank Ltd have organized an auspicious Seminar on Islamic Banking & Finance by Mufti Uzair Ashraf Usmani for you all. Mark your calendars! The seminar details are as follows. Date: February 12, 2020 (Wednesday) Time: 03:00 PM Venue: Old Auditorium Technosoft Solutions is a software development organization that is at the forefront of Healthcare Software Development and Integration Services. Every year, the Technosoft team employs and hunts down top talent in software development from all esteemed academic institutions. This year, on their hunt for bright and ambitious talent TechnoSoft will be organizing an on-campus Recruitment test. So, Gear up and don't miss out on this exciting opportunity. Graduating students are … On behalf of the VOICE debating society We welcome you all to yet another edition of the All Pakistan FAST Debating Championship was held at FAST-NU, Lahore on 7th February - 9th February. Mr. Monis Rahman, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at Rozee.pk has been invited to FAST NUCES Lahore for a guest speaker session. He will be sharing some insights on How to Search Job after Graduation. FAST Sports Gala is back with it's 17th sporting extravaganza of Companies. Sports include:  Cricket - 6 aside Tape Ball (Male)  Table Tennis (Team event: Male, Female)  Volleyball- 6 aside (Male)  Badminton (Team Event: Male, Female)  Futsal – 5 aside (Male)  Arm Wrestling (Male)  Chess (Male)  Foosball  Fifa 20  Tekken 7 *Certain sports events will be subject to the number … Here is a glimpse of E2L 2020 - MTO & GTE Recruitment Drive by Fatima Group. Thank you for such an amazing Recruitment Drive. Mr. Mujahid Pervaiz, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at LESCO has been invited to FAST NUCES Lahore by the Electrical Engineering Department for a guest speaker session. Mr. Mujahid Pervaiz will be sharing insights of LESCO with you all. CareForAll2019-20 is back with a bang this year! The purpose of this event is to engage you in inspiring talks by well-known personalities on important and neglected issues of societies. We are underscoring “Social Welfare” as a topic this year. We also have many exciting socials that will help you make the most out of your experience so be sure not to miss out on this great opportunity to contribute … FAST School of Management has invited Dr. Usman Sana, BDS FCPS (Operative dentistry) and Teacher, Coach, Systemist at CEO; US Life Coaching Company for a guest speaker session on Life purpose and its ethical implications in work/business. Sciences and Humanities Department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore hosted and organized the 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization (CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization will be held on January 24, 2020, at FAST National University Lahore Campus. The main theme of the conference focuses on regional integration and globalization as significant indicators in assessing the linguistic challenges we face today. The conference aims to provide a platform for researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original … FAST School of Management has arranged a Seminar on Challenges in Writing and Publishing High-Quality Research by Dr. Sabri Boubake (Professor of Finance at EM Normandie Business School). He is also a Research Fellow at the Institut de Recherche en Gestion (University of Paris Est). Dr. Sabri holds a Ph.D. in Finance from the University of Paris Est (2006, nominated for the IFA Best Thesis Award) and an HDR degree … SOFTEC is conducting an informative workshop and seminar. The details are given below: Cyber Security Seminar Date: 6th January 2020 Time: 12: 30 pm - 4: 30 pm Fee: None Content Covered in the Seminar: · Data importance and how it’s converted to money · Cybercrime techniques and preventive measures · Future directions in cybersecurity fields · Job openings and startup options in cybersecurity · Past, current, and future malware … FAST Alumni Homecoming 2020 is here to bring you back the cocktail of memories and emotions, just the way you left it at FAST! Alumni are invited for a reunion to celebrate, apprise and interact with old friends and make new ones. This homecoming would not only be a chance to meet up and network with your batch mates and instructors; but also an opportunity to see how the university … The WordPress community is organizing a one-day event on Sunday 1st December 2019 at FAST-NUCES Lahore. The participation fee is Rs.1000/- It is discounted for FAST students to Rs. 500/- which includes breakfast, lunch, dinner, a T-shirt, and a key-chain. If anyone is interested in avail of this discount, please apply online today. To buy the ticket simply visit the website https://bit.ly/2Op8ql6 and use the coupon fast_nu Students with a … FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to Gallup for a marketing course. The purpose of this visit was to provide them the exposure to the real-world and get them a better understanding of corporate management and analytics. Senior members from Gallup concluded the tour by briefing about the workflow and organization strategies as well. FAST School of Management invited Mr. Omair Bukhari, Head of IT Operations from Fatima Group for a guest speaker session. He shared some amazing E2L Program Insights with the audience. Empowering to Lead the Youth NUCES Media Group (NMG) - Literary Magazine FAST Stellar 2019 Click here to View And Download FAST School of Management organized an industrial visit to Metro Cash and Carry Pakistan for Fundamentals of Management course. The purpose of the visit was to help students understand corporate business processes in a real-time environment. The visit started off with a tour of the facility. Ms. Ruha Khawaja, the Floor Manager briefed students about the front end, back end functions, stock management, supply chain management, and business operations. The … ACCA held an Engagement Session with BS (A&F) graduating batch at FAST NUCESLahore campus. Ms. Sabahat Khan, Senior Manager Education-North, ACCA Pakistan, delivered a presentation on ACCA which was followed by a lively Q&A session. Therapy Talk on Social Anxiety was arranged by the Pukaar Community (Startup of our Alumni). Mrs.Raheela Tariq from the Humanities Department of FAST-NU Lahore; who is the Consultant Psychologist of Pukaar addressed the audience on this social stigma. FAST School of Management for the course of strategic management visited Honda Atlas as part of their industrial trip. The trip revolved around the production plant of Honda Atlas Cars located in Lahore. The main goal of the trip was to see how various strategies are integrated by Honda in its production lines to achieve operational excellence. The students also wanted to know what strategies Honda implemented to gain a … FAST-NUCES Lahore in collaboration with WWF has arranged this workshop on "Water, Climate, and Energy Status of Pakistan". The speakers are from WWF and sister organizations. There is no registration fee and participation certificates may be made available on request. FAST School of Management in Collaboration with SMEDA Presents to you, an interactive session by a renowned Corporate Executive, Mr. Tahir Mahmood Chaudhry. Currently, he is serving as the Director of Ovex Technologies, Chief Executive at Falcon Engineering, President of the Career Development Association, President And CEO of Pakistan Institute of Entrepreneurship, and has contributed to several other organizations as well. He holds vast knowledge in the fields of Corporate … First FAST Business Research Conference (FBRC) hosted by the FAST School of Management, National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore-Campus Students of FAST School of Management, for the course of Strategic Management, visited Tetra Pak, in Sundar Industrial Estate, Lahore. The purpose of this visit was to take the students out of the classrooms and give them an insight into the practical world and understanding of real-world business practices. Welcome 2019 Ms. Haleema Tariq Ameen (Marketing Manager Reem Rice mills (Pvt.)) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on Management Practices for Organizational Effectiveness. We thank her for making herself available for this wonderful informative session. FAST Care, in collaboration with Shaukat Khanum, has Blood Donation Drive on campus on 31st October 2019. Donate your blood and make a difference. Mr. Khawaja Hammad Haider (Head of Marketing Pakwheels.com) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on E-Commerce And data utilization in marketing. Mr. Essa Jan Allawala, CEO of Training Impact Pvt. Ltd was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on "What's missing in Recruitment?" We admire him for making himself available for this wonderful informative session. FAST School of Management had successfully held a seminar on ‘Strategic Management: How Business Students Can Create Winning Marketing Strategies’. The keynote was conveyed by Mr. Ammar Mursalin, the incumbent Marketing Manager at Tetra Pak. Mr. Mursalin was a credible speaker on the aforementioned theme, as he has built an inspiring career in the field of marketing. Being an MBA alumnus from IBA, he has more than 12 years of … This talk is an opportunity for all the students of FAST-NU to come and reap benefits out from one of the top business executives and corporate thought influences on Pakistan. These keynotes are extremely beneficial for FAST students as they provide a platform through which students can engage with the corporate world and use what they've learned to mold their own futures and kick start their own careers. We highly … Talent Hunt - Theme of the year KASHMIR Dramaf held its very first Talent Hunt on 23rd October. Dramaf team joined with Fast Music Society held a mini-concert. Both of the societies gave their tribute to Kashmir and showed their solidarity with the people of Kashmir. They proved that the youth of Pakistan didn’t forget about people of Kashmir and are standing with them. Talent Hunt attracted a lot of brilliant and jaw-dropping talent. The audience was left … Quarterly Debate - Kashmir FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to HRSG. FAST School of Management in collaboration with Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) arranged an educational trip to the Regional Stock Exchange on Wednesday, 16th October. Students from BSAF (Section A and B) participated with full zeal and zest. There were two keynote speakers at the Pakistan Stock Exchange: Mr. Sarmad Hussain, PSX Regional Head, Lahore Exchange, and Mr. Awais Ali, Deputy Director (Securities Market Division) SECP, who briefed the students about … Team Alpha of Strategic Management course at FAST School of Management organized an interactive seminar, revolving around Operational Excellence and Lean Management. With an audience of around 150+ students, it was a brilliant learning experience and a glimpse into strategic management in the corporate world. Our esteemed guest speaker, Dr. Sohail Nadeem, Six Sigma and Lean Leader from Nestlé's Operations Management, astounded the audience with outstanding knowledge of lean principles … FAST Sports Society brings Intra-FAST Futsal Tournament 2019 The session was delivered by Osama Naseem, SEO manager at Ascertia. The speaker discussed the importance of digital marketing, Search Engine Optimization (SEO) as well as the impact of digital marketing and the expertise needed for the changing times. Events of Societies (Spring 2019) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. FAST sports society brings you Intra-university Arm Wrestling trials for Men and Women The session was delivered by our Chairperson Muhammad Gulzaib who gave an in-depth review of the book “Start-Up Insider by Kevin Ready” was the first among book review sessions introduced by the society. The purpose of the session was to emphasize the benefits of book reading as well as build a book club community inside the university. Events of Societies (Fall 2018) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. FAST School of Management invited Mr. Farooq A. Randhawa Additional Director (HR & Admin) at Punjab Healthcare Commission (PHC) for a guest speaker session on HR Analytics. Career Counseling Society brings you an exciting opportunity to meet and interact with our very talented alumnus, AZAZ AHMAD GHUMMAN. This session has been arranged for aspiring students who wish to join the industry after completing their studies. Do you think there is a gap between your knowledge and the market demand? If you don’t know the answer, or if you think there is, be sure to join this session … Mr. Atif Tufail (Chief HR Officer) from Akhuwat was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on workforce planning & its alignment with business strategy. Industrial visit to Nextbridge The session was delivered by Waleed Shahid. Our guest speaker provided valuable guidance on successfully scoring an admission in your desired foreign university. Moreover, he discussed how to perfect your personal statement, make an eye- catching resume, the kind of recommendations to have and much more. The Defence Day was commemorated with full fervour by Idyllic Youth FAST - NUCES at FAST NUCES Lahore, to remember the sacrifices made by our ancestors, and how the history was made on 6th September. Honorable guests included Mir Muhammad Ali khan, who has worked as an investment banker in wall street and delivered many keynotes speeches. The second guest was honorable Dr. Rafiq Ahmed, who had played an instrumental … FAST NUCES Lahore observed Day of Solidarity with people of Occupied Kashmir on 30th August 2019 from 12:00 PM to 12:30 PM as per directives of Government of Pakistan. All the students, faculty members, and admin staff were assembled outside Syed Refaqat Auditorium at 12:00 PM carrying both Pakistani and Kashmiri flags. National anthems of Pakistan and Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK) played in a show of solidarity with the … Character Building Society (CBS) FAST NUCES Lahore organized a seminar on "Anti-Corruption Awareness and Role of NAB in Eradication of Corruption". Honorable Director & Deputy Director of NAB Lahore gave a talk to create awareness among the students for how to eliminate corruption from our society through anti-corruption measures. FAST NUCES Lahore Organized Tree Plantation Activity on its campus on 20th August 2019 under the supervision of Dr. Hamid Hassan (Director Campus) and Dr. Amjad Hussain. Senior faculty members and students participated, in the activity of making Pakistan Green by planting 15 Lemon trees and 2 Olive trees around the campus. The purpose of this activity was to create awareness and a sense of responsibility towards the betterment of … FAST NUCES Lahore and Department of Computer Science conducted Orientation for BS(CS) Batch 2019. Dr. Ali Afzal Malik along with all senior faculty members of the CS Department were also present in the orientation. Our 59th convocation was held on 8th August 2019. The honorable rector of FAST University Dr. Muhammad Ayub Alvi was the chief guest at the event. The convocation event was divided into 4 sessions. 1st was started at 9:0 A.M. in which all postgraduates and PhD students were invited. Approximately 140 graduates received their degrees on that day. The toppers of all disciplines also got their medals in this session. … Admission Tests for Fall 2019 were conducted at FAST NUCES Lahore campus. The tests were scheduled for multiple days catering to large numbers of students seeking admission at FAST NUCES for various Bachelors and Masters Programs. SOFTEC, Software Exhibition and Competition, is an annual event held at the National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences Lahore, Pakistan. The event contributes towards the advancement of technology and research in Pakistan’s IT industry. The event provides a platform recognizing talent, a forum for the exchange of ideas and an opportunity for students with a passion for IT to interact with professionals from all over the globe. The event … As a part of their course deliverable, team Shajar-e-Umeed has yet again set the benchmark very high by hosting a seasoned entrepreneur, venture capitalist, and leading expert, Mr. Monis Rahman. Being a CEO of Pakistan’s top employment website Rozee.pk and a party to other great ventures such as FINGA and Easy Ticketing, he enlightened the young entrepreneurs of FAST-NU Lahore with latest economic trends in Pakistan that are creating opportunities … The Graduating batch, Team Shajar-e- Umeed organized another great session at FSM with the help of SMEDA, a seminar on "Entrepreneurship as a Viable Career Option" as part of their social entrepreneurship project and course deliverable. It was another learning experience on how to practically implement new ideas and to do actionable interventions in today’s business environment. Areas covered in this discussion were: • Understanding the importance and concepts of … Entrepreneurs of Shajar-e-Umeed at FSM visited Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) to attend a seminar on “How to Be Successful Entrepreneurs” as part of the course deliverable for Entrepreneurship. LCCI aims to be the finest organization to serve the business community and to conduct its practices in the best possible professional manner. It acts as a bridge between the business community and regulatory bodies for policy advocacy. LCCI … Job Fair 2019 was organized by career counseling society of FAST-NU Lahore on 20th February 2019. With over 130 companies, this year’s Job Fair was one of the biggest ones that anyone has ever witnessed here at FAST. The companies that attended, belonged to diverse domains. Students from all five disciplines attended and gained benefits from it. The event offered them a chance to interact with representatives of companies. They … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Last date for submission of applications is extended to October 18, 2024. All undergraduate students of Batch 2024 can apply for Chief Minister’s Punjab Honhaar undergraduate scholarship program, which is being offered on merit basis. The eligibility criteria has been mentioned in the attached advertisement. Kindly note that the last date for the submission of application is October 15, 2024.  The scholarship is only for undergraduate students of Batch 2024. A delegation from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) visited FAST NUCES Lahore on March 26, 2024. Mr. Yoichi Kogure (Deputy Team Leader, ICT Industrial Collaboration) led his team in briefing the host team about the project while Mr. Hiroshi Jogasaki (Technical Adviser on ICT industry development in Pakistan) and Mr. Hisashi Ogiso (Founder & CEO, Strategy & Design Labo. Inc) talked about different aspects of the project. The exchange of … International Students Enrollment in MS Applied Linguistics Degree Program. Another milestone achieved! Students from Azerbaijan University of Languages are enrolled in Computational Linguistics course of MS Applied Linguistics Degree program in Spring'24. The course is conducted by Dr Aamir Wali, HoD Al & DS, and Ms Javeria Naeem. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz Director Campus Lahore welcomed the first session and highlighted the importance of Computational L:inguistics. The initiative is a part … As a part of International Research Collaboration, Dr Summaira Sarfraz visited Azerbaijan University of Languages, Baku and conducted research seminars on Corpus Linguistics, Translation Studies, Research Methodology in Applied Linguistics and faculty development workshops. During her weeklong stay at Azerbaijan University of Languages Dr Summaira also visited Pakistan Center, Phonology and PhoneticsCenter and interacted with the students. The visit was concluded with the final meeting with ADU Rector Mr Kamal … Self-Assessment visit of the BS-Data Science program was held on 27th December 2023. Dr. Aamir Wali (Professor), Dr. Maryam Bashir (Assistant Professor) and Dr. Mirza Mubasher Baig (Assistant Professor) FAST School of Computing were program team members. Dr Muhammad Shoaib Farooq, Professor & Chairperson, Department of Artificial Intelligence, School of Systems and Technology, UMT, Lahore was invited as external evaluator. Dr. Zeeshan Ali Rana, Assistant Professor, Department of Software Engineering, NUCES, Lahore was an internal evaluator. In … We are pleased to announce that Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as the new Director of FAST NUCES, Lahore making history as the first female director of Lahore Campus. Dr. Summaira joined Lahore Campus in June 1996. She completed her PhD degree in November 2013. She remained the HoD of Sciences and Humanities for two terms. She is currently serving as Dean Sciences and Humanities. Ever since her joining … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with Haji Aziz Foundation on December 05, 2023 to establish a scholarship program and provide financial assistance to deserving students. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director Lahore Campus welcomed the distinguished guest Mr. Umair Majeed (CEO) Datics AI along with his team and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects and supporting underprivileged students. This MoU aims to support/finance … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with DS Group of Companies to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with hands-on experience through the latest technologies. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director Campus, and Dr. Saima Zafar, Head of Electrical Engineering Department welcomed the distinguished guest Mr. Zain Ul Abedin (COO) along with his team and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to … Self-Assessment visit of MS and PhD Computer Science programs was held on 07th November 2023. Dr. Kashif Zafar (Professor) and Dr. Zareen Alamgir (Associate Professor), Department of Computer Science were program team members. Dr. Rehan Hafiz (Professor, Department of Computer and Software Engineering ITU, Lahore) was invited as external evaluator. Dr. Ali Afzal Malik (Assistant Professor, Department of Software Engineering, FAST NUCES Lahore) was internal evaluator. In the start, a … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with Kashf Foundation to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with hands-on experience through the latest technologies. Dr Hammad Naveed, Director Campus, and Dr. Kashif Zafar, Head of School of Computing welcomed the distinguished guest Mr. Faisal Malik along with his team and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to internships, supporting youth particularly … We are pleased to formally announce that the National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES), Lahore Campus has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Innova Labs and Diagnostics, 882-C, Faisal Town Lahore for 30% lab test discounts for its Faculty, Staff, and Students. To avail the discount, simply present a valid university ID card at INNOVA Labs' counter. FAST National University, Lahore partnered with Programmers Force to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Syed Waqar Ahmed Bukhari Director HR, Programmers Force along with his team visited FAST NUCES Lahore and discussed different aspects of collaboration with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. The discussion focused on setting up a training lab called "PF Technology Training Lab" equipped with MacBooks for training and … FAST National University, Lahore Campus signed an MoU with Ebryx Pvt. Ltd. to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Ibrar Ahmed (Director HR, Ebryx Pvt. Ltd.) and his team briefed Dr. Hammad Naveed (Director FAST National University Lahore Campus) over the projects and initiative they are interested to undertake with FAST-NU. Dr. Hammad Naveed and Dr. Kashif Zafar (Professor and Head, School of Computing) … MBA FYP at FAST School of Management, Lahore won the second place in pitching competition with a funding of PKR 0.5 Million. ‘Green HR Solution,’ a startup business that provides sustainable human resources solutions to businesses, won second place in the Prime Minister Innovation Fund. The position came with the funding of Rs. 0.5 million to this new startup. Green HR Solution was founded by our MBA student Ms Alishba … QEC FAST National University, Lahore conducted the Self-Assessment Visit of MS - Business Analytics Program on 10th August 2023. Dr. Ussama Yaqub, Assistant Professor, Suleman Dawood School of Business, LUMS, Lahore was invited as an external evaluator. Dr. Aamir Wali, Associate Professor and HoD Department of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science, FAST Lahore was internal evaluator. Assessment Team presented their findings in exit meeting to Director Campus Dr. Hammad Naveed, … IEEE Nuces extraordinary moment of triumph and technological breakthrough! Excited and humbled to announce that Our students have secured the Guinness World Record for crafting the smallest humanoid robot, pushing the boundaries of innovation to new heights!This remarkable achievement would not have been possible without the invaluable support and inspiration from the incredible minds at the IEEE NUCES Society, whose guidance and expertise paved the way for this groundbreaking endeavor. … Dr. Eike Post Preischaft and Muhammad Fahad Javed (NUCES, Alum), co-founders Psychometrica visited FAST NUCES Lahore Campus on July 11, 2023. They discussed different avenues of collaboration to create employment opportunities and knowledge sharing, research partnerships leading to long lasting partnership between both the organizations. Learning about history can be a great deal of fun and knowledge of history produces better citizens, in so many ways. So Quality Enhancement Cell, FAST-NUCES Lahore planned a cultural walking tour for faculty, through the hustle and bustle of Androon Lahore to explore historical places together. The intention of this tour was to enhance cross departmental bonding and team building. National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences signs International Research Collaboration Agreement with Azerbaijan University of Languages for its MS in Applied Linguistics Degree Program. Azerbaijan University of Languages is one of the leading universities in Azerbaijan especially in the fields of Linguistics, Journalism, Regional studies, and international relations. It offers research focused graduate programs. The University has the Urdu language center and conducts regular activities for the students. Both universities agree to establish research collaboration in the areas of … The Department of Electrical Engineering of FAST NU Lahore campus supported the recruitment drive of 10XEngineers who work with fabless companies designing SoCs for Data centers, 5G, AI & Deep Learning applications. The department has industrial linkages with 10XEngineers. The department provided 10xEngineers with the venue, facilities, and support to conduct a technical assessment for multiple open positions in hardware design and verification, compiler development and image processing algorithm and … National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences signs International Research Collaboration Agreement with  Minsk State Linguistic University, Belarus for its MS in Applied Linguistics Degree Program. Minsk State Linguistic University, Belarus is one of the top public universities of Belarus with its major focus on teaching foreign languages and provide instruction in 18 different languages, including English, German, French, and Spanish. The university has the Urdu language center with aims … Mr. Faisal Malik CTO Kashf Foundation visited FAST NUCES Lahore Campus on June 21, 2023. He discussed different avenues of collaboration to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with the hands-on experience through the latest technologies. Dr. Kashif Zafar, Head of School of Computing welcomed the distinguished guest and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to internships, supporting youth particularly females fostering a strong … Dr. Summaira Sarfraz Professor, Dean Faculty of Sciences and Humanities participated in the VI International Conference “Heydar Aliyev: Ideology of Multiculturalism and Tolerance”, dedicated to the 100 th birth anniversary of the National Leader of Azerbaijan Heydar Aliyev , held on June 14, 2023. She gave presentation on Content Analysis of Single National Curriculum of English Course Using Dimensions of Multicultural Education in Pakistani Context. In her talk she highlighted that the education system … Mr. Steven Rynecki, Director of Climate & Sustainable Growth at the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) visited FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus on June 22, 2023. Dr. Hammad Naveed Director of FAST NUCES Lahore Campus, along with faculty members and senior industry representatives were invited to participate in an informal and fruitful discussion with Mr. Ryneck. The discussion focused on the intricate relationship between economic growth, sustainability, and the challenges … Career Services Office, FAST-NUCES, is honored to have Masooma Zeeshan (CEO Game Train) who joined us on June 15, 2023 for an awareness session on Game Development Bootcamp to be held soon at FAST-NUCES Lahore. She shared Game Train's story with the game enthusiasts sparking a flame of excitement for their future endeavor in Game Development/Design. On 16th June, 2023, the final year students of Electrical Engineering showcased their exceptional Final Year Projects for evaluation. It was a remarkable display of talent and innovation. The projects spanned across a wide range of domains within Electrical Engineering, incorporating cutting-edge technologies like the Internet of Things, Computer Vision, Power Systems, Machine and Deep Learning, Renewable Energy, Communication Systems, IC Design, and much more. The students poured their hearts … The 142nd Selection Board Meeting took place on June 13, 2023 (Tuesday) at the Lahore campus, with the aim of recruiting highly skilled faculty members. Dr. Aftab Ahmad Maroof, Rector of FAST-NUCES, chaired the meeting. Mr. Arshad Nasar, a member of the Board of Governors, along with the Campus Director (Dr Hammad Naveed), Heads of Departments (HODs), and Subject Experts, attended the meeting. The Registrar of the University attended the … FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited LAAM for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on June 12, 2023. The representatives held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited SolitonTechnologies for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on June 12, 2023. The representatives held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science and Software Engineering students. Participating in the AI Tech verse competition at NUST was a fantastic opportunity for me to showcase my knowledge and skills in the field of Artificial Intelligence. I was thrilled when my university sponsored me for the competition, and I eagerly prepared my idea for presentation. On the day of the competition, I arrived at NUST and was greeted with a warm welcome by the organizers. The competition was well-organized, … We are thrilled to announce that a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) has been signed between FAST-NUCES Lahore and IGDA-Pakistan(International Game Developers Association) to foster collaboration in the gaming industry. We were honored to have Mr. Ali Ihsan(Chairman of IGDA Pakistan, CEO of FRAG Games, Vice Chairman PASHA) and Dr. Hammad Naveed(Director of FAST-NUCES Lahore), as guests at the signing ceremony. Both parties are excited about the possibilities that this partnership … The IPE (Institutional Performance Evaluation) visit at FAST–NUCES Lahore Campus was conducted from 13 th to 15 th February 2023, based on Eleven Standards defined by Higher Education Commission (HEC) of Pakistan. This visit has been conducted in compliance with the annual HEC requirement for rating the institution by external evaluators. Ms. Mehr Jabeen Agha, Director QEC, University of Central Punjab, Lahore and Prof. Dr. Muhammad Arfan Jaffar, Dean CS … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES), Lahore Campus has signed an MoU with Niazi Hospital, Lahore for availing of OPD discount offers. 30% cash discount in OPD procedures & Lab tests for EMPLOYEES with their dependents (Parents, spouse, children) & 20% cash discount in OPD procedures & Lab tests for STUDENTS with their parents & siblings. Dr. Hammad Naveed (Director NUCES-FAST Lahore Campus) & Mr. Mubashir Ali (Corporate Manager, Niazi … A team from Innovative Research University (IRU) visited FAST NUCES. Dr. Amir Mahmood (Dean, School of Business, Western Sydney University ) and Ms. Sabeeh Qayoom (Country Director, IRU) had a meeting with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed and HoDs to discuss possible research collaborations in different areas, like joint supervision of students and exchange programs for students and faculty. An MoU was signed between National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES), Lahore and Alkhidmat Foundation Pakistan to promote academia industry linkages and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Rana Usman Wadood (General Secretary, Alkhidmat Foundation Central Punjab) and Dr. Hammad Naveed (Director NUCES-FAST Lahore Campus) discussed various aspects of cooperation to facilitate deprived and needy students passed from Alkhidmat Multiple Programs for financial assistance/scholarships. National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES), Lahore Campus partnered with DirAction Pvt. Limited to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Nabeel A Qadeer, CEO DirAction visited his alma mater and discussed the agenda with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. Dr. Hammad Naveed director FAST NUCES Lahore and Ms. Aqsa Sarfraz Manager Student Affairs is meeting with IGDA Chairman (Pakistan) Mr. Ali Ihsan to give better game development opportunities to students. Educative, Inc. partners with FAST-NUCES to provide international learning resources for their faculty development program. The two organisations have come together to address the growing demand of computer science skills in the Pakistani market by providing teachers access to the latest resources. "The partnership is helping us up skill our faculty members with the latest technologies. This is helping both in the personal development and professional development of the faculty … WE CARE To help the female students in feminine health and Hygiene Solutions, FAST NUCES joins hands with WONDER WOMEN and signs the MOU to provide health facilities to the female community on campus . As a part of the initiative ,the vending machine with specific female products is installed in the girls restroom. The initiative is a step in our resolve to provide all possible resources to our female … The evolution of games is now an essential option for careers within the twenty-first century. NUCES-FAST Lahore organized a Round Table Discussion where eminent experts from the gaming industry of Pakistan participated and provided valuable feedback on the future of gaming industry. Dr. Aftab Maroof, Rector, NUCES-FAST welcomed the guests and appreciated their time and input. "A team from Innovative Research Universities (IRU) visited NUCES-FAST, Lahore to develop strong research based linkages for IRU members universities. Dr. Omar Mubin, Associate Dean - Graduate Studies, School of Computer, Data & Mathematical Sciences, discussed different avenues of possible collaborations with NUCES-FAST, Lahore. National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES-FAST) Lahore and ArhamSoft Pvt Limited signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to promote joint Educational & Career Development to help students secure their future by imparting them with hands-on tools to make them employable and market ready. To this end ArhamSoft will conduct a bootcamp to train students on MERN Stack technologies at NUCES-FAST, Lahore. It gives us immense pleasure to announce that Swvl and NUCES-FAST Lahore have entered an agreement to provide dedicated services to the students of the university. We would like to express our gratitude to Swvl and look forward to a positive response from the students. Bookme.pk has joined NUCES-FAST Lahore as the official booking partner. The company shall be handling the ticketing and playing their role as we ensure this new service for our students/employee. MoU Signing Ceremony between FAST NUCES Lahore and Game Train! FAST NUCES Lahore and Game Train joined hands to build better game development opportunities for youth in Pakistan. The Stacks Pakistan FAST Capter held an online hackathon from 4-6 February, 2022. The team managed all the work from a lab on-campus. The event, Hack4Impact 3, was aimed at blockchain development and comprised of internal as well as external participants. MoU Signing Ceremony between FAST NUCES Lahore and Infinite ScaleUp, to promote academia industry linkages in the areas of training programs, short courses for professionals, undergraduate and graduate final year students of NUCES-FAST and other areas of mutual interest. Recently, Character Building Society organized an interactive and engaging session on "Governmental Facilitation For Emerging Entrepreneurs". The enlightening talk was given by none other than Omer Farooq Khan, Enforcement Officer to Commissioner Punjab Revenue Authority. The discussion centered around the correlation between sales tax on services and the thrilled audience was inspired to learn more about topics that are rarely discussed in seminars. FAST School of Computing is inviting applications for the faculty position  at all ranks as per guidelines of HEC.     Professor /Associate Professor /Assistant Professor PhD in the following or related areas:  Theoretical Computer Science, Software Engineering,  Human Computer Interaction, Information Security,  Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, Cloud Computing,  Image Processing, Game Development, etc.,  Teaching experience in: Object Oriented Programming,  Algorithms, Data Structures, Database Systems,  Operating Systems,  Distributed Computing, Computer Organization, … MoU signing between FAST-NUCES Lahore and Mindstorm Studios to promote industry-academia linkage on 29th September. JOB DESCRIPTION -Ensure implementation of Daycare policies & procedures. -Plan and implement activities to meet the physical, emotional, intellectual and social needs of the children. -Clearly and effectively communicate in a manner that children understand. -Maintain a safe and healthy environment. -Interact with the parents regarding all sorts of feedback and handling complaints. -Improving child behaviour. -Emergency medical procedures.   ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA -Atleast 2 years of experience in relevant field … Due to the prevalent situation of COVID-19, all trips are cancelled. BS ROBOTICS: A perfect program covers the methods used in designing robots and intelligent machines that operate in the natural environment with no (or little) human supervision. BS IOT: There are many reasons to launch a program in IOT including emergence of new technologies for sensing environments, human health awareness, smart technologies, cloud computing and development of small computer boards as enabling technologies to realize the infrastructure, and coming together … Business Analytics has emerged as a promising field, with an increasing level of digitization. Business analytics blends knowledge from Computer Sciences, Business and Statistics. It can be described as seeking business problem solutions using data analytics tools. The application of business analytics ranges from strategic to operational levels in the organizations. The increase in computing power and sophistication in data analytics provided by machine learning and artificial intelligence has given a boost … Kudos to FAST School of Management Students on securing second position in Pakistan's first data visualization competition - Infinity 21, organized by Peach Learning. Ms. Fatima Omer, has successfully defended her doctoral thesis in Management and HR. The title of her thesis is “Aligning Employees’ Preferences with Organizational Objectives”. Ms. Omer started her PhD under the supervision of Dr. Hamid Hassan. She has published a research paper in the international journal of “Review of International Business and Strategy”. Her published research work can be accessed here: https://doi.org/10.1108/RIBS-11-2017-0102. She is also involved as permanent faculty … Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department. She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language skills. CONGRATULATION ! Team (BBA-FAST SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT) for securing 2nd position in the final round of Unilever Talent Hunt 2020 (#UTH2020) from a total of 390 teams across Pakistan!! We are proud of you, keep the good work up ! Congratulations & Well Done ! Mr. Haseeb Saeed & Muhammad Shaharyar, for making us proud, keep the winning tradition alive!It gives us immense pleasure that our Computer Science students have secured 2nd position in the "Rookie Game Jam, 2020 competition organized by Mindstorm Studios.Over 700 participants all over Pakistan had applied for the program and only 40 students were able to complete the program. The program was offered in September-October … We are pleased to announce that Mr. Malik Zeeshan of BBA 2016 has been selected as Country Ambassador of Youth Opportunities from hundreds of applicants representing Pakistan. We congratulate him on his appointment and wish him good luck with this role. Spring 2021, MBA,MS & PhD Admissions are now open at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Last Date to Apply is December 31, 2020 To Apply Now Online, click: http://bit.ly/FASTNUApplyNow For more details, email at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk or call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 A prestigious FAST Ph.D. fellowship recipient Mr. Syed Shujaat Ali Shah has successfully defended his doctoral thesis. The title of his thesis is “The Influence of Corporate Social Responsibility and Perceived Firm Innovativeness on Customer Loyalty”. Mr. Shah started his Ph.D. program back in 2017 under the supervision of Dr. Zia Khan. During his Ph.D. journey, he has published a research paper in the International Journal of Bank Marketing (IJBM) … FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus visited National Highways and Motorway Police (NHMP) Training College Sheikhupura on 24 September 2020.   The FAST-NUCES representatives were briefed about the history and objectives of NHMP Training College. Very thoughtful discussions were made on the future course of action for mutual collaboration and support. FAST NUCES Lahore Organized Tree Plantation Activity on its campus on 21st August 2020 under the supervision of Dr. Hamid Hassan (Director Campus) and Dr. Amjad Hussain. Senior faculty members participated, in the activity of making Pakistan Green by planting few varieties of citrus fruit plants around the campus. The purpose of this activity was to create awareness and a sense of responsibility towards the betterment of society.   There … The Declaration of Selected/Test Qualified Candidates for MBA / MS (all disciplines) have been announced for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results.   For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk The Second Merit for BBA / BS programs have been announced  for Admissions Fall 2020.  Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results.   For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk The Merit for BBA, BS (A&F) & BS have been announced for Admissions Fall 2020. Visit https://bit.ly/AdmissionsResult2020 and enter your ARN to view your results.   For queries, call our Helpline at (042) 111 128 128 or Email us at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk FAST University’s NUCES ACM Lahore Chapter has for the 2nd time won the coveted international excellence award for “Outstanding Chapter Activities”. The ACM Student Chapter Excellence Awards are held every year in spring and recognize chapters that display considerable initiative during the year relating to their Activities, Recruitment, Website, Community Service, and School Service. The Outstanding Chapter Activities Award is given to chapters that sponsor a series of exceptional activities … The Department of Computer Science, National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (FAST-NUCES), Lahore campus invites applications for faculty positions at the ranks of Professor, Associate Professor, Assistant Professor, Lecturer, and Instructor. All faculty positions are offered in accordance with HEC faculty appointment criteria. Candidates with exceptional academic/professional profiles and a passion for teaching/research should send their latest CV and soft copies of their academic documents (transcripts, degrees, certificates, etc.) … A team of students from Batch '17 FAST-NUCES, Lahore has taken an initiative to provide the analysis of the situation in Pakistan during the COVID-19 epidemic. https://www.corona92.com/ is a student-led initiative that aims to provide statistical analysis on the outbreak of the raging COVID-19 in the country, through live data capture. They're constantly striving to attain newer and the most effective strategies for preventing it from spreading any further. The … With profound sorrow, we announce the sad demise of Dr. Rafique Ahmad (Member of Board of Governors of FAST, Member of Board of Trustees of University & Vice Chairman Nazaria-i-Pakistan Trust) on March 25, 2020. The University extends condolences to his family. May Allah grant eternal peace to the departed soul and fortitude to his family to bear the irreparable loss, Ameen. Muhammad Badar-ud-din (CS Student of Batch 16) has been declared one of the winners of IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan. Badar has been declared 7th in the overall competition and is the only FASTian to have won the challenge. The IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan is a new initiative designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan. The competition is designed to inspire innovation … This is to announce that Job Fair 2020 has been postponed until further notice, on account of the recent COVID-19 outbreak across the country. The new date for the event will be announced soon. In the midst of all the fear and chaos surrounding us, we want you to know that the sun will shine again and we shall rise again. With patience and optimism, there is NO hardship we … As per the directives of Govt. Lahore Campus will remain closed till 5th April 2020 for Students, Faculty & Staff. The University has planned to conduct classes online. For which, you will receive an email from your HoD office containing all the details soon. Students are requested to regularly check their university email for updates. It is shared with great pleasure that FSM students have won the Aspiring Professional Summits’ 2020 competition at LUMS. The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals’ Summit 2020 was held at LUMS on the 15th and 16th of February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in four academic-oriented accounting competitions. FAST School of Management, Lahore students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving the first position … Registration dates of the Spring 2020 Semester for students have been announced. All students are advised to follow registration and fee payment deadlines strictly. Spring '20, MS & Ph.D. Admissions are now open at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Last Date to Apply is December 20, 2019 For more details, email at admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk or call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 Kinnaird College had hosted their annual and most prestigious business competition called Kinnaird Business Week 2019, hosted by the Kinnaird Entrepreneurial Club. There were four categories, for which FAST School of Management (Lahore) had sent four teams of the most talented and brilliant students of the university. The teams had virtually dominated the whole competition, as they became victorious in each category, by achieving the first position, and beating all … Ms. Melissa Sassi Global Head, IBM Hyper Protect Accelerator visited FAST NUCES Lahore for a guest speaker session on Silicon Valley Executive Insight: What is it like to be the head of your own global program in a big tech company within Silicon Valley? and IBM Hyper Protect Accelerator: What is it and what does it take to join a big tech accelerator? FAST NUCES Lahore had an interactive session with i2c to discuss collaborative opportunities in innovation, research and education. Faculty positions are offered in accordance with HEC criteria available at www.nu.edu.pk/nujobs/EligibilityCriteria.aspx. Part-time employment, apprenticeship, and internship is not counted as experience. Last date to Apply: October 24, 2019 (Thursday) In addition to market-compatible salary, the University offers membership of Employees provident fund, hospitalization insurance, and reimbursement of medical expenses. Only short listed applicants will be called for interview. The Groundbreaking Ceremony of New Building Block at FAST NUCES Lahore was inaugurated by the honorable guest Dr. Rafique Ahmad (Member of Board of Governors of FAST, Member of Board of Trustees of University & Vice Chairman Nazaria-i-Pakistan Trust) and Mr. Rana Ghulam Shabbir (Secretary-General FAST, Sitar-i-Imtiaz & Tamgha-e-Quaid-e-Azam) alongside Dr. Hamid Hassan (Director Campus) and faculty members Dr. Hamid Hasssan was the Chief guest at the meeting of Standing Committee on Global Standards for Industries, at Lahore Chamber of Commerce & Industry (LCCI) Lahore on 30th July 2019. He talked about profitable business management in the modern era of global challenges. The participants were comprised of LCCI Members from various Industries & businesses Dear Applicants, please note that the last date for Documents and Fee submission for Bachelors Programs at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus is 31st July 2019 (Wednesday). For more details call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 or email at Admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk Merit for MASTER PROGRAMS has been announced (NU & NAT) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Admissions Fall 2019 Visit http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/ and enter your ARN to view your results. For more details call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 or email at Admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk Merit for UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS have been announced (NU & NAT) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus for Admissions Fall 2019 Visit http://admissions.nu.edu.pk/ and enter your ARN to view your results. For more details call our helpline: 042 111 128 128 or email at Admissions@lhr.nu.edu.pk Accelerate your growth path by joining FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Where we equip you with the right set of skills and attitude so that you land in top-notch organizations. Apply now online: http://bit.ly/FASTNUApplyNow For more information, visit FAST NUCES Lahore campus or call 042-111-128-128. Department of Computer Sciences of FAST, Lahore cordially announce that Ph.D. student Ms. Asma Naseer (09L-0992) has successfully defended her Ph.D. thesis. Dr. Asma Naseer is the fifth Ph.D. student in our CS department. Lots of congratulations and best wishes to the student and her adviser Dr. Kashif Zafar on this significant achievement. The Title of the thesis was “Scale-Invariant Features for Urdu Optical Characters Recognition”. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz (HOD Science and Humanities) presented as a keynote speaker at the National Conference on TESOL, Linguistics, and Literature (CTLL, 2019) on 20th March – 21st March 2019 organized by the Institution of Communication and Cultural Studies (ICCS) at University of Management and Technology, Lahore. The conference aimed to focus on the emerging innovative trends of language and literature in academia in the modern world and explore the … As part of our social entrepreneurship project and course deliverable, Team Shajar-e-Umeed conducted a highly interactive session with Seasoned Veterans on 14th March at Fast NU. It was great to see some of the best experts from our industry, Mr. Salim Ghauri of Netsol, Mr. Zain ul Abideen of Maro Tandoors and Mr. Umer Hussain of SweetTooth in action. Sharing of great ideas and good lively discussion made this event … Fatima Group visited NUCES-FAST Lahore as part of their E2L program and conducted a recruitment drive on February 02, 2023. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science and Masters of Business Administration MBA. Confiz visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 18, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science. Career Counseling Society organized an interactive session about Workplace Rights on February 19th, 2024 from 2:30 till 4:00 pm with Shaima K. Malik, Senior HR Manager at Conrad Labs where laws and regulations regarding workplace rights were discussed, followed by an interactive Q&A session where students clarified their doubts regarding the topic of discussion. It was a highly informative and successful session overall On January 18, 2024, the Career Counseling Society (CCS) organized a carefully planned Industry Trip to Manafa Technologies. A diverse group comprising twenty-five students from batches 20 and 21, specializing in the departments of management and computing, were selected to participate in this insightful visit. The trip served served as a valuable bridge between academia and industry, providing students with a holistic understanding of the tech sector, fostering professional connections, … A 5 days intensive workshop on AI and its application was organized by Soliton Technologies in Collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore. An overwhelming response of students was recorded in successful completion of the crash course. A 5 days intensive workshop on AI and its application was organized by Soliton Technologies in Collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore. An overwhelming response of students was recorded in successful completion of the crash course. The Solidity Cohort Boot Camp, organized by Stacks FAST chapter for Promotion of Future Computing, successfully concluded its three-week online program on 29th January 2024. This initiative aimed to educate participants, including both FAST students and external attendees, about blockchain technology, covering fundamentals and practical applications through interactive sessions on Solidity programming language and smart contract development. The exploration of future implications, including discussions on decentralized finance and non-fungible tokens … FAST Business Expo'24, organized by Fast Business Club. The event, held on 13th February 2024, aimed to promote entrepreneurship among our student community and provide a platform for showcasing their small ventures. Fast Business Expo'24 featured diverse stalls, attracting a significant number of visitors including our students & faculty members visitors. Participants showcased a wide range of businesses, from tech startups to sustainable initiatives, while networking opportunities enriched the entrepreneurial … The FAST Sports Gala'24, spanning from February 2nd to 4th, celebrated a diverse array of sports, accommodating the interests of participants from over 50 corporate entities. The event showcased competitions across 12 engaging categories, catering to a wide spectrum of athletic talents and interests. From the intensity of cricket matches to the agility demanded by futsal and the strategic finesse of chess, participants engaged in spirited contests across various disciplines. … Career Services Office, FAST-NUCES conducted a mock interview session on March 04, 2024 for its students to prepare them for the job fair and other recruiting events. It was a great way to help students prepare and boost their confidence. During the session, students had the opportunity to practice their interview skills and receive valuable feedback. The session gave them a better understanding of what to expect during real interviews … FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Kashf Foundation for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 06, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Systems Limited for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 02, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited GoSaaS for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on April 22, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company followed by an Assessment for graduating batches of Computer Science and Software Engineering students FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Innowi for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 08, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Management, Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited Programmers Force for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 09, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company followed by Interviews and Assessment for the graduating batches of Management, Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. FAST Career Services Office Lahore (CSO) invited dubizzle labs for an on-campus recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on May 07, 2024. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and held walk-in interviews for graduating batches of Computer Science, Data Science and Software Engineering students. ASCE-NUCES arranged the womens day event on 8th March 2024. Women’s Day is a way to acknowledge and celebrate the strengths of women in our society. In order to do just that, ASCE organized an event this year consisting of a Panel Discussion with female guests that have achieved a lot. The Panelists included prominent women of the society such as Dr. Syeda Malika (Member CM Inspection Team BS20 Officer), … Director Lahore Campus Dr Summaira Sarfraz attended the monthly informal meetings of VCs/Rectors of Lahore-based universities. The initiative of the meetings to be held on rotational basis, was taken by Dr Moeed Yusaf, Rector Beaconhouse National University. The meetings aim to serve as a platform for brainstorming and highlighting areas of mutual interest. Allow us to unveil the beauty of khanpur! The crystal clear waters and the lavish green fields were a treat to the eyes! The incredible moments of enjoyment and laughter echoed through the hills, with the added fun of water sports. Be it parasailing, jetski, or just boating, the waters of khanpur served us right! Every moment of the trip was the one to be cherished forever. Career Counseling Society (CCS), in collaboration with Arbisoft, successfully organized a one-hour long webinar on November 24th. Ms. Zahra Irshad, Deputy Manager of Talent at Arbisoft, led the engaging session, attracting over 45 participants. Ms. Irshad provided valuable insights into the long and competitive recruitment process for CS, SE, and Electrical Engineering students at both bachelor's and master's levels as well as talking about the major technical and soft skills … Reflecting on FAST Literary Society's second book club as students plunge into the Kafkaesque abyss revealed in "The Trial." Picture the protagonist's unjust arrest, entangled in a labyrinth of bureaucratic chaos. The discussion transcended mere words, unravelling the absurdities of modern bureaucracy—where the pursuit of goals feels like navigating a disorienting maze. In a world where success demands traversing a web of illogical obstacles, Students peeled back layers to reveal a … NMG’s annual Mushaira was a successful event entertrainting the many students of FAST who enjoy Urdu poetry. The event started off with a few of the participants showcasing their poetry talents and after a while we were joined by our Chief Guest, Mr Wajid Ameer, a well- known Urdu poet. There were also two beautiful Ghazl performances which were thoroughly enjoyed by everyone, followed by the poetry from the rest … FPSC2023 Recap: ACM NUCES orchestrated a triumphant FAST Problem Solving Competition on November 29th, 2023, at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. Under the keen eyes of the Respected HOD, Computer Science Department, Mr. Kashif Zafar, and Society Advisor Mr. Mubasher Baig, the competition witnessed an exceptional response, marking a grand return to high-stakes programming competitions at FAST Lahore Campus.Over 45 teams, comprising 100+ participants, engaged in a robust competition on the … stacksfastchapter hosted a highly successful seminar on "How Blockchain will Change the Future''; on November 30, 2023, highlighting Mr. Ahmad Manzoor, founder and CEO of Pakistan Blockchain Institute. The event aimed to educate youth on blockchain technology, discuss its future implications, and inspire careers in the field. Mr. Ahmad Manzoor engaging and interactive presentation covered core principles, applications, and the transformative potential of blockchain, captivating a diverse audience. At the … The event ‘Data science Revealed: Insights from the Experts’ by FSDS commenced at 11:30 am in the Auditorium on the November 21st, 2023 with the guest speakers Waseem Ahmad Chisti and Hamid Ali. The speakers arrived on the campus premises through Gate no. 2 and made his way to the Auditorium where he was warmly welcomed by the members of FSDS executive team. The speakers delivered a motivational and attention-grabbing … ‘From the River to the Sea, Palestine will be free’ echoed throughout the week-long Palestine Fundraising Camp organized by Fastcare in collaboration with Al Khidmat Foundation. The event garnered an overwhelming response from students, showcasing remarkable support and solidarity. Empowered by unity and dedication, this collaborative effort aims to bring hope and assistance to the cause, affirming the unwavering commitment towards a free Palestine. The SOFTEC'24 Orientation was held on November 22, 2023, at Syed Rafaqat Ali Auditorium from 12 pm to 3 pm. With 600 attendees, including esteemed guest Dr. Saira Kareem, the event successfully attracted the 23rd Batch and provided them with information about SOFTEC. The event's main highlight was President Ali Raza's speech, followed by a lively Q&A session where participants won merchandise for correct answers. Food coupons were also distributed … The event ‘Identity Quest’ by CBS in collaboration with Youth Club commenced at 02:00 pm in Syed Rafaqat Auditorium on the November 21st, 2023 with the guest speaker, President of Youth Club, Raja Zia-Ul-Haq. Members of the Youth Club arrived before the event and an information desk was set up outside cafeteria. The speaker arrived on the campus premises through Gate no. 2 and was presented with a bouquet of … The Welcome event of FAST NUCES Lahore was impeccably organized by FAST CREATIVE SOCIETY. It was held on October 20, 2023, and brought together students, faculty, and staff to warmly welcome the 23rd batch. Faizan Mir Photography served as the media partner, capturing memorable moments throughout the event. The two major highlights of the event were FMS’s performance and an open mic, which was specially arranged to gauge active participation … Batch 23's journey of discovery at Katas Raj Temple on November 5, 2023, was a tapestry of rich history, enchanting lake, and stunning landscapes that left us in awe. The ideal weather enhanced the experience, and the delicious, abundant food was the perfect complement to our day at Katas Raj Temple. Already counting down the days to our next adventure! Reflecting on a captivating Iqbal Day event By FAST Literary Society! Grateful to Qaiser Ahmed Raja for an insightful exploration of Allama Iqbal’s wisdom. The book exhibition and engaging sessions truly immersed us in the legacy of this visionary poet. As we bid adieu this year, let’s carry forward the flame of Iqbal’s vision! Career Counseling Society arranged an ice-breaking session between the students and representatives from Programmers Force. The purpose of this session was to discuss the benefits and future opportunities that the PF technology training lab will provide the students with upon its inauguration. The session was interactive. The representatives not only explained the purpose of the lab, but also asked the students about their expectations and questions related to it. The … The IntraFAST sports event, spanning from October 9th to 15th, showcased a thrilling array of competitions. Cricket enthusiasts gathered at the Al-Bilal Cricket ground, witnessing Team Staff's outstanding performance as they clinched the gold medal. Futsal action took place at Volta Football, where Komedy Kings emerged as victorious contenders. The spirited Volleyball tournament, also hosted at Volta, saw Team Karasuno High claiming the gold. Throwball competitions unfolded at Park and … Hiroyuki Shino, Manager, Global Business Dept. Head of Pakistan Japan Center AI Engineer from PLUS W Inc. visits FAST National University to discuss different avenues related to internships and job opportunities. He also encouraged youth to learn Japanese language! The GDSC FAST Lahore Megamind Tech Expo was a resounding success, held on October 25, 2023. The event featured a captivating mix of quizzes, engaging speaker sessions, exciting swags, and exhilarating fun activities. Attendees were captivated by the insights shared by esteemed speakers, including Ehmad Zubair, CEO of Cogent Labs, who delved into the ''5 Habits of Exceptional Software Engineers'' and Taimoor Ali, COO of Bookme.pk, who offered valuable guidance … An introductory session was organized by the HR Department to familiarize students with the Punjab Educational Endowment Fund (PEEF). PEEF officials shed light on the scholarship procedures and their pivotal role in bridging educational gaps. Mr. Usman Islam shared a remarkable achievement that the PEEF has awarded over 900+ scholarships to FAST students from 2009 to 2023. This signifies PEEF's enduring commitment to empowering students. Mr. Nasir Tufail, Head of … Prof Dr Saima Zafar, Head of Department, Electrical Engineering, FAST NU Lahore was invited to the Two Days 4th Consultative Workshop on "Gender Equality in Higher Education Leadership and Decision-Making" held on October 26-27, 2023 at Faletti's Hotel Lahore. Dr. Saima Zafar represented FAST NU in the conference that was organized by Quaid-e-Azam University and University of Gloucestershire in collaboration with the British Council. The chief guest of the opening ceremony, Prof Dr … FAST Lahore's first book club was hosted by FAST literary Society . Enthralled by the ethereal narrative of 'Peer e Kamil' by Umera Ahmed, transported us to a realm of spiritual awakening and human complexities. The palpable excitement filled the room as students passionately dissected Imama's and Salaar's spiritual journeys and dilemmas, drawing parallels to their own lives. They were entranced by the tale's philosophical nuances, exchanging heartfelt insights and … Elevating our Web Development game! What an incredible day it was at FAST NUCES as the ACM NUCES Chapter teamed up with the tech gurus at Appalo Inc. for the "Website Kese Banaun?" Workshop! Our dynamic speakers, Mr. Awab Sabir (CTO, Appalo Inc.) and Mr. Arbab Sabir (Senior Web Developer, Appalo Inc.), shared their expertise, leaving the audience on the edge of their seats! From the latest technological stacks to … The department of Electrical Engineering at FAST-NUCES Lahore hosted an engaging seminar on Wednesday, 25 October titled "Charting your path in the semiconductor industry: Insights & Opportunities for success." This insightful seminar, conducted by 10xEngineers, a well-known company in the semiconductor industry, provided attendees with valuable insights. The Department of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore campus organized a workshop titled: "Introduction to Data Science'' on Friday 13th Oct, 2023 for the continued professional development of the engineering faculty. The workshop was managed by Dr. Omer Saleem (PEB-CPD coordinator) and was conducted by Mr. Saif Ul Islam, Lecturer, School of Computing, FAST-NU, Lahore. The workshop focused on providing an overview of the field of data science, its significance in … The department of Electrical Engineering (FAST-NUCES Lahore) arranged an interactive seminar for the graduating students; titled “Enabling Smart Cities with Computer Vision” on 19th October 2023. This seminar was conducted by an expert educator, youtuber, entrepreneur in the field of Computer Vision and Robotics; Mr Murtaza Hassan. He is the owner of CVzone and runs one of the largest YouTube channels in the field of Computer Vision, educating over 3 … The collaborative session with Densinc, brought to you by the Fast Business Club, was a remarkable event. Students were privileged to hear from industry expert Mr. Usman Asif , CEO Devsinc. This insightful session focused on empowering students to navigate diverse backgrounds in a competitive market, providing valuable knowledge and preparing participants for future career success. Fast Business Club is committed to offering enriching experiences to its members, and this … The event ‘Breaking barriers: social entrepreneurship’ by CBS in collaboration with Al Sharq foundation commenced on 2:30 pm on the 20 th of October. With the guest speaker Syed Hussain Haider. The speaker began the session and continued to deliver a motivational and attention-grabbing speech. He highlighted the importance of social entrepreneurship and how the youth should take actions to try solving the many problems that people face in our … What an incredible and captivating session with Gabe Gabrielle! We had an absolute blast hosting him at FAST NUCES, and his expertise as a recognized Space Motivational Speaker and former NASA engineer truly shone through. His dedication to STEM education and his remarkable journey at NASA speak volumes. Thank you, Gabe, for inspiring us all to reach for the stars! Dr Summaira Sarfraz, Professor and Dean Sciences and Humanities was invited as a key Penalist at the Opening Ceremony of Literary Festival at GCU. The Penal consisted of renowned academicians Dr Tariq Rehman, Dr Ayesha Jalal, Dr Waeem Anwar and Mr Osama Adnan. The topic of the Panel discussion was How have language policies and the English language perpetuated colonial ideologies? Dr Summaira highlighted that colonialism has been transformed into … The new batch started a new journey of their lives at FAST and as always, NMG had to give them a memorable beginning. As planned, the event started at 2:30 pm and the excitement of the Batch Photo could be witnessed as the students had started gathering in the front lawn even before 2:30. The preparations with the chalk powder to make an outline of "2" and "3" was done … Expressa'23, FAST Business Club exciting event, was a resounding success with over 200 students participated in six different competitions. It served as a vibrant platform for students to enhance their business skills and was especially beneficial for the new batch, providing them with valuable experience and boosting their self-confidence. The event was a perfect blend of fun and learning, catering to students' diverse interests and skill sets. The focus was … The Shahjahan Junior Table Tennis Cup, spanning from September 21st to 26th, brought together top talents from all corners of Lahore, including esteemed alumni of FAST, former captains, and region-level players. In a stunning display of skill and determination, our very own Captain Obaid and Vice-Captain Ajar showcased their prowess by making it to the final, outperforming some of the game's finest. In a nail-biting final showdown, Obaid emerged victorious … The official series between FAST University and FCCU, featuring Badminton and Table Tennis, was held at FCCU's sports complex on September 26, 2023, from 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM. The Table Tennis male and female teams from FAST University showcased outstanding performances, completely outclassing their opponents. Table Tennis male Captain Obaid, Vice-Captain Ajar, and female Captain Haiqa were standout performers. Additionally, the Badminton female team secured a triumphant victory. In … On Tuesday, October 3rd, FAST and IAC went head-to-head in a match that ended with FAST emerging victorious with a score of 12-4. Beyond the scoreboard, the event highlighted the warm hospitality extended by IAC and the commendable performance and sportsmanship demonstrated by the FAST team. IAC's gracious hosting set a positive tone for the match, fostering a friendly and competitive atmosphere. Meanwhile, the FAST team's impressive teamwork and strategic … Stacks Fast Chapter in collaboration with Alethea AI organized a seminar on "INFT and Blockchain" on October 12, 2023, from 1:00 pm to 2:30 pm at the Old Auditorium. The event featured Ahmed Jawed, the Vice President of Engineering, as the speaker, alongside two guests from Alethea. The speaker provided captivating insights on INFTs and blockchain and also the application details of the promised internship. To conclude the event, a … A delegation of Aerodyne Group visited FAST-NUCES, Lahore Campus on Tuesday, 10th October, 2023. The team consisted of two people: Dr. Lim Eu Shawn (Chief Global Solutions Officer, Aerodyne Group) and Mr. Adnan Chaudhry who heads Aerodyne's AI team globally and is also the country head in Pakistan.Aerodyne Group provides end-end DRONE powered solutions across the globe including but not limited to inspection of critical infrastructure (Telecommunication towers, transmission and … FAST International Office in collaboration with CCS and French Embassy brought 10 well-known French Universities to FAST NUCES, Lahore. The universities in attendance had lucrative masters and scholarship opportunities for studentscurrently undertaking a bachelor’s in Computer Science, Engineering and Management Science. The is fair was not only open to the FAST NUCES, but also to students from other universities like FC, UET, UMT, UCP, and GCU. It was a successful … The SOFTEC'23 Award Ceremony, held on October 12th, 2023, at the Syed Rafaqat Ali Auditorium from 11:00 AM to 04:00 PM, was a resounding success with 300 attendees and esteemed guests, including Campus Director Dr. Hammad Naveed, Senior Manager Administration Mr. Usama Zafar, Deputy Manager Student Affairs Ms. Aqsa Sarfraz, Faculty Advisors Mr. Usama Hassan, Mr. Razi ud din, and Mr Syed Uzair Hussain Naqvi. The event fulfilled its primary … FAST Care , in collaboration with Evercare Hospital, hosted an impactful awareness session on Sleep Hygiene and Emergency Response Techniques, graced by the expertise of Dr. Ali Azhar Jawa and Dr. Shazia Asim, leaving an enduring impact on students and faculty members alike. In collaboration with Shaukat Khanum, Fastcare organized Blood Camp 23 on October 3rd, 2023. We were impressed by the students' enthusiasm and passion to assist cancer patients in their battles. Heartfelt appreciation to all the donors and volunteers for their invaluable contributions to this noble cause. Fast Literary Society eagerly embraced Armash Kamal's long-awaited copywriting seminar with anticipation! It was absolutely captivating, firing up our motivation and determination to start our copywriting journey ASAP! Armash Kamal didn't just talk about copywriting, he made it sound like a magical path to earning a respectable income with just words, and guess what? It's open to everyone, no writing experience needed! He shared his inspiring five-year journey with the … The faculty members of Department of Electrical Engineering of FAST NU Lahore campusparticipated in “Pakistan Engineering Council’s STEM Ambassadors Program” at Lahore College for Women University, Lahore, on September 26, 2023. The program aimed to strengthen the connection between higher education institutions and local schools, with the primary goal of addressing low student enrollment in Engineering programs. The program included workshops, seminars, and informative sessions, providing a platform for university’s … Quality Enhancement Cell Lahore Campus organized an orientation session for newly hired faculty members on 27th September, 2023. Ms. Hira Saleem, Deputy Manager HR (NUCES HQ) presented HR policies, Ms. Rabbia Nawaz, Manager Payroll & Compensation (NUCES HQ) presented on Teaching Workload and Existing Payroll related matters. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director Lahore Campus presented on ORIC policies. Dr. Aamir Wali, HoD – Department of AI & DS, demonstrated the usage … The Google Developer Student Clubs at FAST National University, Lahore organized an event on Wednesday, 6th September, that brought together enthusiastic individuals from diverse backgrounds. Our society, dedicated to nurturing student developers, made a special effort to welcome Freshman students through engaging ice-breaking games. It provided a platform for students to get to know one another and add to their knowledge. The esteemed speakers, Abdul Wasay and Mr. Usman Butt … Defence Day, also known as Yom-e-Difa, is a pivotal day in Pakistan's history celebrated to commemorate the successful defense against aggression in 1965. ICE society and the university jointly organized an event on September 18, 2023, to honor this day. The event commenced with a Quranic recitation and included a declamation competition in English and Urdu, allowing students to express their thoughts on Defence Day. A fun questionnaire segment added … Quality Enhancement Cell, FAST NUCES Lahore conducted Self-Assessment visit of MS & PhD Mathematics on 18th September 2023. Dr. Adil Jahangeer (Professor & HoD), Department of Mathematics, NAMAL University, Mianwali was invited as an external evaluator. Dr. Ammar Javed (Assistant Professor), FAST School of Management, Lahore was an internal evaluator. The assessment team went through the SAR, visited the department and conducted infrastructure visit. Students were interviewed in order to … On September 14, 2023, ACM NUCES organized an informative session regarding the UGRAD Semester Exchange program under the banner of ACM W. We were honored to have Javeria Nadeem, an esteemed alumna of FAST NUCES, as our guest speaker. Ms. Nadeem shared invaluable insights into the program, elucidated the application procedures, and recounted her own enriching experiences.The event drew a capacity crowd, underscoring the keen interest in this program. The … Quality Enhancement Cell, Lahore Campus organized a training session on “Email Etiquettes and Communication” on 14th September 2023 for non-teaching staff members. This session was designed to provide participants the skills and techniques necessary for managing emails professionally, and writing emails with clarity and proper structures to avoid misinterpretations and miscommunication. Training was conducted by Dr. Zahida Mansoor (Assistant Professor, S&H), Ms. Hajra Ikram (Assistant Professor, S&H) and Mr. Ali … The NUCES ACM Lahore Chapter hosted an engaging ice-breaking session for the Batch of 2023. It began with an introduction to ACM, both locally and globally, Distinguished panelists from the senior batch shared academic insights, emphasizing GPA maintenance through effective time management and diligence. They discussed internship experiences, LinkedIn optimization, and GitHub repositories. A Q&A session allowed juniors to seek advice and receive recommendation letters. As per the MOU with Punjab Police, a week long Soft Skills Training of Assistant Sub-Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors and Inspectors was conducted by the English language faculty at Lahore Campus. The training was attended by 20 Master Trainers from Punjab Police Training College Chung Lahore. The training aimed at improving the communicative competence of the trainees by refining their interpersonal and soft skills. The training consisted of soft skills orientation, group … Mr. Shahzad Ishaq, Group Head, Digital Banking MCB visited FAST National University, Lahore Campus on September 06, 2023. He discussed different avenues of collaboration to bridge the academia-industry gap by equipping young minds with hands-on experience through latest technologies. Dr. Hammad Naveed , Director Lahore Campus welcomed the distinguished guest and offered full support in working together from creating meaningful projects to innovative ideas and opportunities for fresh students as … Fast Care orchestrated a successful Book Drive event to promote knowledge sharing and unityamong students. Seniors generously contributed a diverse array of books, which were made available at a central booth for juniors to select from. The event facilitated engaging interactions, while enabling the exchange of valuable learning resources. The initiative not only supported junior students&#39; academic growth but also emphasized the culture of collaboration that defines the institution. Student societies in universities plays a vital role in shaping the experiences for students. They provide new students with opportunities to explore a wide range of interests, connect with like-minded peers, and engage in extracurricular activities beyond academics. Whether it's joining a cultural club, a sports team, an academic organization, or a volunteer group, student societies offer a platform for personal growth, skill development, and networking. Devsinc in collaboration with FAST National University successfully completed a 3-Week Training Boot Camp for CS students at FAST National University, Lahore. The training course entailed all essential resources, valuable assets, and opinion pieces about MERN stacks and its practical implications. The training camp focused on how to deliver quality training and impart the necessary skills to the students. The session was very well received, and the participants appreciated the … QEC Lahore campus organized a capacity building session on the subject "Managing Classroom in the Age of ChatGPT" on 11th August 2023 for faculty members. Session was conducted by Director QEC, Dr. Arshad Islam. The goal of the session was to provide faculty members with insightful information and useful strategies for successfully incorporating emerging technology into the classroom setting. In order to keep up with the fast changing educational scenario, … The Inter University Showdown, hosted by FAST Sports Society , showcased thrilling sportsmanship and camaraderie among university societies and faculty/staff. Featuring diverse sports like cricket, futsal, table tennis, and badminton, six teams including FAST Sports Society, Idyllic Youth Society, FAST Music Society, Softec, FAST Business Club, and FAST University faculty participated. Notable victories were secured by the FAST Business Club in cricket, FAST Sports Society in table tennis, futsal, and … QEC Lahore Campus organized a guest speaker session with Adeel Hashmi for faculty members on topic “Empowering the Educators”. Agenda of the session was: What exactly do we mean by 'Education'? Moral values in education. Education or Knowledge? Which one to acquire? And why? Responsibilities and challenges of today's teachers. Session was organized on 11th August 2023. It was a great learning session, and the audience gained valuable knowledge. The "Marketing with AI Tools" boot camp, a collaborative effort between PNY Trainings and the FAST Business Club, concluded successfully, leaving a trail of satisfaction among FAST National University, Lahore students. Over the course of a month, this intensive program provided invaluable insights into the world of marketing enhanced by artificial intelligence. On this day in 1947, we achieved our independence from British rule. It is a day to celebrate our freedom and sovereignty, and to reflect on the sacrifices that were made to make this day possible. Today, we hoist the flag with pride and celebrate our nation's diversity. We are a country of many cultures and languages, but we are united by our love for Pakistan. Let us come together … The Farewell event of FAST NUCES Lahore at Faletti’s Hotel was impeccably organized by Creative Society. It was held on June 13th, 2023, and brought together students, faculty, and staff to bid a heartfelt goodbye to the graduating batch. Faizan Mir Photography served as the media partner, capturing memorable moments throughout the event. The evening began with a warm welcome from the hosts, who expressed gratitude and excitement, setting an … RUNG 1.0, a highly successful event held on the 16th and 17th of June, offered a diverse range of modules that catered to various interests.    The music module showcased talented musicians, both solo acts and bands, captivating the audience with their melodic performances.  The drama module presented thought-provoking plays and monologues, showcasing the participants' acting prowess.  In the media module, attendees were treated to visually stunning short films, vlogs, … The FAST Sports Gala'23 was a resounding success, bringing together participants from 52 corporate companies and showcasing their sportsmanship and competitive spirit.  The event was made possible with the support of various sponsors, including Confiz, NetSol, Lumensoft Technologies (Pvt) Ltd, Forrentech, Volta Football Association, HM Photography, and Red Bull.  The organizing team of the FAST Sports Society deserves appreciation for their meticulous planning and execution, ensuring a memorable experience for … FAST NUCES, Career Services Office (CSO) organized an on-campus networking session (Coffee Hour) with our alumni of Civil and Electrical Engineering departments that was chaired by the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. He applauded their achievements and impact they’ve made in their respective fields.   The meeting allowed them to share their experiences being a FASTian, receive updates on the developments campus has made and share their valuable feedback from … The Blockchain Cohort - Solidity Learning Program held from 24th March to 30th April, was a comprehensive educational initiative aimed at equipping students with the necessary skills and knowledge to develop decentralized applications (DApps) using Solidity, a programming language for smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. To enhance the learning experience and provide participants with real-world insights, the program invited industry experts and guest speakers from the blockchain community. The … SOFTEC is the annual, largest and most prestigious technology event held, every year since 1995, in Lahore, Pakistan, that brings together technology enthusiasts from around the country.   The 27th edition of SOFTEC held on May 5th to 7th at the FAST NUCES LAHORE. The event showcased breakthroughs in science and technology, generating more opportunities with each passing year. Data science technologies have the potential to offer us valid tools to assist us in addressing environmental concerns in novel and effective ways. On 27 th April 2023, a national symposium on eco-intelligence (with four technical sessions) was successfully conducted which a theme of how computational methods, GIS/ remote-sensing, and artificial intelligence can manage environmental sustainability and environmental issues such as climate change, energy/water crises, sustainable agriculture/ biodiversity, prediction of … Team SOFTEC organized an ambassador meetup on 27th April, from 3 to 5 pm. The meetup was a highly successful and productive event. The meetup brought together ambassadors from different universities to discuss ways to collaborate and promote cross-cultural understanding. The attendees shared their experiences, challenges, and success stories in their respective fields, which led to insightful discussions and the exchange of ideas. During the meetup, the participants identified various … The Softec Oath Taking Ceremony was held at Syed Rafaqat New Auditorium on Wednesday 26th April, 2023. The event was a great success, with a large number of students taking oath to conduct the event and competitions. The role of events like Softec in promoting these values and creating a culture of excellence among students and professionals were highlighted.The oath taking ceremony was conducted by the President of the Softec … Team Book Fair and GDSC FAST NU Lahore recently organized a Seminar featuring the amazing Shafiqa Iqbal and it was a huge success! Shafiqa Iqbal, a well-known Big Data Engineer at Google, delivered an insightful keynote address, providing valuable insights and perspectives on how Pakistanis can reach Tech Giants like MAANG . Her engaging delivery captivated the audience and kept them engaged throughout the seminar. The event drew in a diverse … The Fastians had been longing for entertainment as everyone has had a tightly packed schedule with nothing much to do for leisure. And nothing comes at par with competitive sports. Thus the FAST Sports Society engaged the students, on their very demand in a late night cricket and futsal shootout. The Tournament was held on 18th April, after Iftar, from 7pm to 3am at Arena 360, Johar Town. There were … FAST Care conducted a Ration Drive during Ramadan of 2023 in order to assist the custodial staff of our university. We collected donations from students, faculty members and all those willing to donate and were able to collect near around PKR 257k in total. With this donation, we provided ration packages to 91 staff members. The distribution took place on 12th of April, 2023 from 10:00 AM to 04:30 PM.  … Consequent upon selection of Final Year Design Projects for financing by Pakistan Engineering Council (PEC), a team, comprising three PEC representatives visited National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore Campus on April 5th,2023 for award of cheque to groups. The team of PEC was composed of Engr. Mir Masood Rashid (CONVENER, PPDC), Engr. Jawwad Haider Gillani (Member Governing Body, PEC) and Engr. Syed Ahmed Waqas (Assistant Registrar, PEC RO, … The Intra Fast Programming Competition was held on April 4th, 2023, at our institution. The event was organized with the aim of providing a platform for young programmers to showcase their skills and compete against each other. The competition had a total of 47 participating teams of 2 to 3 members each from both the senior and junior wings. Four labs were booked to accommodate all teams. During the event, … Dr. Komal Kamran (Asst. Professor) from FAST School of Management organized a guest lecture for the students of MS - Business Analytics on the topic of "Data-Driven Decision Making at Uber". The speaker, Ms. Miriam Mehdi, an industry expert and alumnus of FAST NUCES, shared her extensive experience and expertise in data analytics and decision making at Uber. Real-world examples and case studies were discussed, providing a clear understanding of … Idyllic Youth FAST - NUCES had arranged an event of Welcome Ramadan to embrace the month of Ramadan with open hearts along with Nighat Hashmi's and Mushtaq Ahmad’s guidance. The basic purpose for arranging such an event was to lead students to strive for spiritual growth and strengthen our connection with Allah (SWT) together. In the event, guests shared their insights and experiences on the significance of Ramadan. Also on … The IGDA Pakistan in collaboration with Game Train conducted a Unity Game Development session at FAST-NUCES, Lahore. The session aimed to provide useful insights into the hypercasual gaming industry of Pakistan. It was an informative session for students who aspire to become game developers, game designers, or pursue a career in the gaming industry. The session started with an introduction to Unity and its features. The speaker discussed the importance … The Industrial Liaison Committee of the Department of Electrical Engineering in collaboration with IEEE Nuces Lahore Student Branch, organized a seminar by DSG Energy on 10th March, 2023 on the topic "Addressing Energy Challenges and Paving the Path for a Sustainable Future in Pakistan: Opportunities for Youth". Final year students of Electrical Engineering program attended this seminar. Mr. Zain ul Abideen - COO DSG Energy, Ms. Nazifa Fatima - CMO … An awareness seminar was conducted on 28th March 2023 in collaboration with My Impact Meter In this session, MIM's Founder and CEO, Ms. Kanwal Cheema, gave a briefing on the "End Poverty in Pakistan" movement. Alongside the seminar, MIM arranged a booth in the university for two days (i.e. 27th and 28th March) to raise awareness on this topic and interact with the students of FAST Lahore. From pages to profits, the students of FAST NUCES Lahore organized the ultimate BookFair'23! With over 400+ books sold, it was a roaring success. The love for literature was in the air as the students came together for this amazing event. Cheers to a job well done!" A comprehensive understanding of the cloud, including its benefits, core concepts, and best practices all for you to take your cloud computing skills to the next level. Our speaker Sheharyar is a nomad software architect with over 12+ years of polyglot experience in a wide range of web and cloud technologies, with deep knowledge of real-time, fault- tolerant, and distributed systems. He has authored and contributed to multiple famous open-source … FAST-NUCES’s esteemed Faculty members including Dr. Sumaira Sarfraz (Dean of Sciences and Humanities). Dr. Zahida Mansoor and Ms. Sarah Asif were invited by Zulfikar Ali Bader and Muhammad Baleegh-ur-Rehman- Governor of Punjab to celebrate International Women’s Day at the Governor House, Lahore. It was a pleasure celebrating the International Women’s Day with all the inspiring women in their reign of professionalism. In particular, having met the first female secretary of … Career Services Office, FAST-NUCES, organized a Guest Speaker Session on March 03, 2023. Mr. Gul Qadeer Khan, an alum of FAST-NUCES Lahore MS Batch 2001, talked about Brain Drain Challenges in today’s economy and Future of IT growth in Post COVID world. He is the President and CEO of GS Technologies located in Sacramento, California. Dr. Hajra visited FAST NUCES Lahore campus and conducted a session on “Using Deep Learning in the Early Prediction of At-Risk Learners in Self-Paced Online Education” and share her insights on how to explore the research landscape to deliver a comprehensive understanding of the multidisciplinary field’s activities. She received her BS Computer Science and MS Computer Science degree from Lahore College for Women University (LCWU), Lahore. Waheed Iqbal visited FAST NUCES lahore on 17th February and conducted a session on Predictive Auto-scaling of Multi-tier Applications Using Performance Varying Cloud Resources. He recieved a Ph.D. degree from the Asian Institute of Technology (AIT), Thailand, in 2012, currently working as a Tenured Associate Professor with the Department of Data Science, University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan. Mr. Haseeb Alam Khan, Divisional Manager Pakistan State Oil Company visited FAST NUCES Lahore campus and give his valuable knowledge on challenges in corporate world to final year students. The Youth Club Event "Revelations of Radiant Righteousness" was held on March 2, 2023, to promote the values of righteousness and moral uprightness among the youth. The event featured keynote speeches and breakout sessions by experienced professionals in the field of moral education and spiritual development. Our esteemed speakers were Muhammad Ali bhai & Mugheerah Luqman bhai from Youth CLub while Arsalan Ahmed Bhai CEO Naseeha institute. The event was … CCS under the umbrella of student affairs was thrilled to welcome the bright minds of Atchison College's 8th class to our University, FAST-NUCES today. Our Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed, provided them with a comprehensive overview of our academic programs and campus life, while, Dr. Haroon, ignited their curiosity with an insightful presentation on Computer Science. The students had the opportunity to ask questions and engage in discussions, making it an … Flutter forward extended, another successful and innovative session by GDSC in collaboration with GDG lahore! This event was the perfect boost for tech minds needed. An information centered event lead by experienced individuals, Mr. Atiq Samtia and Mr. Haris Nadeem, uncovering not only the scope of flutter but also its pros. The session provided a great kickstart for anyone wanting to start or continue their journey with flutter. The Fullbright Information Session organized by the Career Counseling Society was held at 10:00am in the Library Conference Room. The session was attended by around 35 students. The guest speaker Mr. Rooman Qayyum Khan, who is a very well-qualified individual from the USEFP, gave an overview of the Fulbright Scholarship Program. He then proceeded with an informative Q&A session with interested students, where he addressed all their queries regarding various … FAST NUCES, Career Services Office (CSO) organized an on-campus networking session (Coffee Hour) with our alumni of FAST School of Management that was chaired by the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. He applauded their achievements and impact they’ve made in their respective fields.The meeting allowed them to share their experiences being a FASTian, receive updates on the developments campus has made and share their valuable feedback from the industry/market. The … Sustainable development goals are designed by United Nations as a blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for everyone. These goals are followed by many institutes to have a better future. FAST NUCES under goal number 3 (Good health and well-being) have initiated Turkey Earthquake funding drive in collaboration with Alkhidmat foundation. The department of Electrical Engineering, Lahore campus organized a CPD workshop titled: "LaTeX for everyone (from basics to writing a research document)'' at the Dept. of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore, on Friday 24-Feb-2023. The workshop was managed by Dr. Omer Saleem, PEB coordinator and was conducted by Dr. Mohsin Kamal, Assistant Professor, Dept. of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore. The workshop focused on covering the basics of LaTeX and taking the participants … Our FAST Badminton officials arranged an event FASTMINTON I, which took place from February 6-8. Talent from all over the campus attended this event. They participated in different categories according to their level of play. All the students were given a fair chance to compete as we had Team and Non-Team categories.We truly admire our management team for their efforts and wish them success in future competitions. Team Devsinc was here at FAST NUCES Lahore for an amazing session on cutting edge technologies. The guest speaker, Junaid Rehmat, is a FAST Alumni (Batch 05) with over 15 years of experience. He discussed his journey with students and also discussed the latest technologies that are being used in industry. The point he focused on was that we as software engineers must not be dependent on the technology but … It was an honor to have Ms. Samar Farooq SEO Strategist NETSOL Technologies at FAST NU. She had an amazing interactive session with the final year BBA students by sharing here insights on “From clicks to conversions: Maximizing Your Brand’s Digital Footprint.” Our sports delegation attended the GIKI Sportsfest, which took place from February 3–5. We signed up for table tennis, chess, cricket, football, and volleyball. Talent from all over the country had attended this event. In every sport, there were National Circuit players. Our teams performed to the best of their abilities, made us proud, and displayed their extraordinary talent at the highest level. We finished in second place in the … National University of Computer and Emerging Science (NUCES-FAST), Lahore partnered with Programmers Force Pvt. Limited to promote academia industry linkages, research and other areas of mutual interest. Mr. Syed Waqar Ahmed Bukhari Director HR, Programmers Force along with his team visited FAST-NUCES, Lahore and discussed different aspects of collaboration with the Campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed. On 14th February, a seminar on gaming industry and how to build a career in gaming development was held at Old Auditorium at 4:00PM to 5:30PM. The seminar was organized by the Career Counselling Society. The purpose of this seminar was to provide insight into the gaming industry and how students could build a career in it. We were joined by two speakers namely, Mr. Ali Ahsan, who is the … IEEE-NUCES conducted a Session by Tajir. Tajir company is the first Pakistani app based platform for retailers  and it is trusted by hundreds of local and multinational companies. This event was a session which was hosted by the CTO of Tajir company. Numerous students from multiple fields joined us and the session was wholesome. FAST CARE collaborated with AlKhidmat, a non-profit organization to collect clothing articles and donations for blankets to support the less fortunate individuals in the community. A donation desk was set up on the campus for the collection of clothes from 29th January to 2nd February 2023. A total of 120 clothing articles were collected during the event, including winter coats, jackets, sweaters, and other warm clothing items. Additionally, donations were … CCS is proud to host the CEO of Laam, Mr. Arif Iqbal, one of the most successful and inspiring figures in the industry. He gave an excellent and informative session on the importance of leaving an impact in the lives of people around you and had the audience completely engaged. As he talked about various stages of work, our guest focused more on building projects and taking ownership of one's … The measure of a true man in the Sight of Allah is not the cost of his house or the brand of his car, but rather, his determination to exhaust his capacities to draw closer to Allah. A man is, therefore, he who spends his nights in prayer fears Allah in private and in public, and does not think twice before sacrificing his wealth and his life for the sake … ArhamSoft (Pvt) Ltd. as a consortium partner of TechLift, PSEB, and PASHA in collaboration with NUCES-FAST conducted a first-ever industry-led bootcamp program for IT and non-IT graduates at FAST NUCES Lahore. The training course collected all essential resources, valuable assets, and opinion pieces about MEAN and MERN technology stacks and their practical implications. The training camp focused on how to deliver quality training and impart the necessary skills to the … “Cricket is a team game. No individual can just say he can win it on his own” Today despite the falling temperature, Faculty/ Staff vs Student Cricket tournament has set the Arena 360 at fire. It was a great match with true sportsman spirit of all teams NUCES-FAST Lahore in collaboration with OSAF welcomed 1200+ Alumni at its annual Homecoming. The event included Round table discussions with prominent CEOs, Networking, Alumni Achievement Awards, Dinner, Qawali, and concerts. Dr. Aftab Ahmed Maroof, Rector of NUCES-FAST graced the event with his presence and exchanged ideas with the Alumni. Quality Enhancement Cell of FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus organized the Bonfire Night for Team Building, Learning and Feedback Activity for faculty and staff on 12th January 2023. Activity was planned for enhancing communication, encouraging creativity, increasing productivity, developing confidence, boosting motivation and creating relationships among employees. Also for improving interactions among other departments and making a positive work environment. Apart from that a bonfire was planned for staff and faculty as … Team educative had a wonderful interaction with the workshop attendees at Fast NU. It was an informative session about the importance of technical writing in the industry. There was a quiz on the block chain and the winner received the merchandise. All the students were interested in the workshop and got the answer of their all queries۔ ICE-NUCES organized a seminar on "Introduction to reality of natural disasters; earthquakes, heavy rains etc". To speak on the topic, an eminent geotechnical engineer and research expert from Tokyo, Japan, Prof. Dr. Ikuo Towhata was invited. The esteemed guest speaker shed light on the various aspects of natural disasters, their occurrence and mitigation techniques through his firsthand experience and research. It was once in a lifetime opportunity to learn from … The International Conference on "Advances in Civil and Construction Engineering" was recently organized which was a two days' event, jointly held by NUCES-FAST Lahore and UMT Lahore. Civil Engineering department in collaboration with ICE-NUCES and ASCE-NUCES arranged and managed the day two of the conference at NUCES-FAST Lahore campus. This was one of a kind conference and probably the biggest technical event towards the end of the year in South … The Head of the electrical engineering department was invited by the Director of, the National Incubation Center Lahore (NICL) to visit the center facilities at LUMS along with faculty and students. Some faculty members and students of the electrical engineering department and school of computing Lahore campus accompanied by the Head, of the electrical engineering department visited the NICL on Friday, 9 November. The delegation was received by the Director … American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) has organized an insightful seminar on “Masters Scholarships” for the students of FAST NUCES Lahore.  Such seminars help the students get hands-on information about the scholarships.The seminar regarding Scholarships was conducted by Dr. Naveed Ahmad Saadi. A brief introduction was given about the significance of scholarships and how it can help students achieve their goals. American Society of Civil Engineers – Student Chapter held an educational trip to Super pavement labs of UET Lahore. The purpose of this trip is to educate the students of the Civil Department first-hand regarding innovating technology and working of labs. A student learns more proficiently through practical knowledge and by gaining experience by working on site. Moreover, a visit outside the campus promotes recreation in students. This visit was … GDSC FAST-NU recently held an informative session regarding the Google Solution Challenge.  Google Solution Challenge is an annual contest presented by Google that invites students to develop solutions for local community problems using one or more Google products or platforms. The speaker of the seminar was shortlisted as one of the top 50 finalists of last year. It was indeed an interactive session where the audience was briefed regarding what … Debug to Make a Buck! SOFTEC partnered with Educative to bring a dynamic and fun event for students of FAST Nuces on 31st November 2022. Team Educative arrived at around 10:30 am, and the event started at 11:00 am, full of energy. The energy filled the air and motivated many students to come ahead and play fun games. The media team actively captured each moment from the start of the … LinkedIn and CV building seminar was held by Stacks in collaboration with CSS by Mr.Abdul Waheed, an experienced HR professional with a demonstrated history of working in the IT industry. He is a senior technical recruiter and HR Team Lead at BrainX Technologies. With recruitment being his strongest domain, he was talking about Linkedin acquisition and guide students how to construct an effective CV by showing some professional CV's and … Career Counseling Society and Student affairs hosted Student Counselor's meetup on 7 December. A brief description about the campus was given by Director Dr. Hammad Naveed to Student Counsellors.The formal meeting was held in Executive Center, followed by high-tea and a campus tour for our guests.Our university is looking forward to have more such events. The Git and Github Workshop, delivered by Sir Jawad Khalid, was a major success with 15 to 20 instructors being a part of it and acquiring the various benefits that it had to offer. The systems were already equipped with Git Bash and Github software to make the workshop more efficient and convenient for the instructors. The instructors were briefed on the various benefits associated with using Github for tasks … Nuces Media Group is the only media society at FAST Nuces Lahore. It provides the student body with opportunities to showcase their talents in photography, videography and literature. Just like last year, NMG organized the Mushaira this year as well. The event aimed to promote Urdu poetry among university students. We received an overwhelming amount of submissions and then the students were shortlisted to present their beautiful work in front of … Welcome'22 was conducted by Fast Creative Society on Friday 25th of November 2022, the event brimmed to cater almost a thousand students who ecstatically enjoyed the twilight and spent a memorable time with their fellow batch mates. Entrance for the Welcome kicked off as early as 4:30 pm and the event was officially started at 6:00pm. Arranging a play with Dramaf society was a massive success as it was a … Voice Debating Society of FAST NUCES Lahore conducted the first-ever MUN in Fast Lahore this past weekend. NUMUN Prologue was a great success. This event received an overwhelming response from the student, statistically stating there were 18 individual registrations and 30 delegations therefore, in total the headcount of participants was 138. Moreover, for the event to accomplish such a big achievement a management team of 100+ people worked day and … SOFTEC held its most spectacular orientation on November 23, 2022.  Miss Ayesha Chaudhary, Dr. Saira Karim, and Director FAST NUCES Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed graced the event with their presence. A memorable Trip to MushkPuri Top! A trip to explore and discover the amazing views and get an escape from Lahore's weather. National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES) honors employees having 25 years plus service at Lahore Campus. The NUCES always appreciates their efforts & impeccable contribution. Honorable Rector, Dr. Aftab Ahmad & Director Campus, Dr. Hammad Naveed presented the appreciation certificates to the employees. The ceremony was organized by HR Department on 19-Nov-2022 (Saturday). FAST NUCES, Career Services Office (CSO) organized an on-campus networking session (Coffee Hour) with our alumni that was chaired by the campus Director, Dr. Hammad Naveed, to cherish their memories and appreciate achievements and impact they’ve made in their respective fields.The meeting allowed them to share their experiences being a FASTian, receive updates on the developments campus has made and share their valuable feedback from the industry/market. National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences with the collaboration of American Society of Civil Engineers – Student Chapter held an educational trip to Neelum-Jhelum Hydropower plant. The purpose of this trip is to educate the students of the Civil Department first-hand regarding the workings of hydropower plants in generating power. The trip lasted for two days, i.e. 18th Nov to 19th Nov. Neelum Jhelum Hydro-Power Project is a 970 MW project located … ACM Team decided that students studying Programming Fundamentals could greatly benefit from tutoring sessions as many fresh students do not have a programming  background. In order to cater to this pivotal need of theirs, interviews were conducted and students from senior batches were selected who had at least A- grade in their Programming Fundamentals course. Around a hundred freshman year students registered which were then divided onto selected ten Peer … UCL Sportsfest was held between 17th to 19th of November where 100+ of our sportsman represented FAST across various sports. Our sports teams made us proud at the event showcasing immense talent, resilience and grit on the sporting field. We bagged 20+ medals in total along with the biggest award that there was at UCLSportsfest, THE BEST DELEGATION. Here’s an insight to our team performance at the event. Cricket Tapeball: … The finality of prophethood necessitates that the duty of calling towards the religion of Allah, acting in accordance with it, and establishing it in every sphere of life now lies with the Muslims. It is from the virtues of this Ummah that we enjoin good and forbid evil, just as our Prophet (SAW) had done, and how his companions had followed. We must, therefore, give attention to this duty … ACM and CCS brought an amazing session delivered by none other than the program director at the Punjab IT Board, Mr. Jahanzeb Akbar. The event was organized on November 17, 2022 from 4:00- 5:30 pm. Sir Jahanzeb also had a meeting with the Director of FAST-NUCES Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed and also presented his book “The Effective Project Manager – A ten step guide” to him. Afterwards, he addressed some … Fast Music Society participated in the Bestival held at BNU from the 3rd to the 6th of November. They bagged trophies in multiple categories which include Western Singing, Battle of the Bands and Instrumental.Our very own band won the runners-up trophy in the Battle of Bands category after blowing everyone away with their energetic performance! Naveed, our talented singer and guitarist left everyone speechless and got the first position in … Allah, exalted be He, has placed special benefits in the acts done to worship Him alone. One of the greatest of these acts is Salah, and Wudu which leads up to Salah, so, Allah has blessed these acts to such an extent that whoever performs them purifies themselves both physically and spiritually. With every splash of water, the sins of the believer wash away, and with every prostration, the sins … DRAMAF performed at BNU Bestival on 5th November, 2022. The name of the play was “Hotel Nayaab” written and directed by Shujaat Hussain and Muhammad Ibrahim. The play was a success at the festival and we were fortunate enough to bag the Runners Up position at the event. Also, we won the award of best delegation. DRAMAF performed at the LUMS Dramafest as well on 13th November, 2022. The name of the play was “Takhayul” directed by Hamna Rehman and Taimoor Mohsin. The final year students of Electrical Engineering department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences Lahore campus went on an informative industrial tour to i2c Inc. i2c is a global provider of highly-configurable digital banking and payments solutions.During the tour, students were received with a welcome presentation by the representatives of the company, followed by a brief introduction about i2c’s business operations that go with payment processing, contract management, … BNU Bestival X was held between 3rd to 9th of November where 100+ of our sportsman represented FAST across various sports. Our sports teams made us proud at the event showcasing immense talent, resilience and grit on the sporting field. We bagged 22 medals in total along with the biggest award that there was at Bestival X, THE TEAM TROPHY IEEE-NUCES along with Fast Data Science Society and ACM Fast Lahore collaborated with GDSC Fast Lahore to bring an insightful seminar on the topic “New Era of Computerization” with the purpose to enlighten the details about the future of computing. The final year students of Electrical Engineering department of FAST-NU Lahore campus went on an informative industrial tour to Descon Engineering (Lahore Manufacturing Works - LMW). Descon Engineering  Limited is an integrated engineering services and manufacturing company operating in Pakistan, Middle East and Africa. During this tour, the students were received with a welcome presentation by the company representatives. The presentation included a brief introduction of the company followed by … No man has ever planted a tree that remains firm on the Earth while it's branches reach the heavens. This, certainly, is not a task for someone unaware of the rewards of a few words which are dear to Allah. Anyone who proclaims His greatness (Allahu Akbar) and remains firm upon the Kalma of His oneness (La Ilaha Illallah), then it as if he has planted a tree reaching the … Every year, breast cancer kills more than 500,000 women around the world. The significant reason for this is unawareness. In a global effort to raise awareness of breast cancer, October has been designated as the Pink Month.This year, on 31st October, Fast Care collaborated with Pink Ribbon Organization and observed Pink Day to educate students about breast cancer risk factors, to spread awareness of precautionary measures, and to support those … Allah has made religion easy for His servants, and part of this ease is that with every Wudu performed, and every prayer prayed, the sins of the serveant of Allah fall and wither away just as dry leaves on a branch do. Wudu and Salah are two of the most often-performed acts of worship for a Muslim, and it is the Mercy of Allah that He has made them an … The life of this world is only a moment, a drop in an ocean. We can invest our abilities and resources on this world, and we may get some limited return based on those investments, but once death approaches us all of that becomes irrelevant. Hence, is it not better that we invest in something that not only gives us a maximum return, but also continues to last even after … The American Society of Civil Engineers with the collaboration of the Ravi Urban Development Authority held a seminar. This specific seminar helped the students realize the growth of the city that they currently reside in, and the projects taking place to help support that immense and rapid growth. This helps understand the need, importance and the background of this project which is urbanizing the banks of Ravi. The Ravi Urban … A delegation from France, Switzerland, and the French Embassy met with the director of FAST NUCES, Lahore, Dr Hammad Naveed, and the student council to convey their ideas and plans regarding future collaborations with FAST. The session proved to be quite effective in fulfilling its primary purpose, which was to seek the members' interests in the programme. The session ended with a highly interactive Q&A session with the students, which … Graphic designing workshop was held on 12th October by a reputable member of FAST Alumni, Mr. Usama Masood who gave students the ideal introduction to the massive world of graphic designing. FSDS successfully executed yet another very informative seminar on the topic of "Cloud Computing and Big Data" where Mr. Ali Khawaja, Senior Cloud Solutions Architect from Microsoft enlightened us with important lessons from his 18 years of experience at Microsoft and the much needed industry insights for the students who are interested in starting a career in this domain. Character Building Society conducted an event “Productivity & Fitness” & “The Giant within” in partnership with the country heads at Youth Club. The first speaker of the session was Muhammad Ali  who addressed the students about “The Giant within” The second speaker of the session was Tuaha ibn Jalil from Youth Club who addressed students about “Productivity & Fitness” which boosted moral values and integrity in the students. Career Counselling Society arranged a seminar on Prioritizing Career Paths and Goal Setting on 18th October, 2022. The seminar was hosted by Educative and professionals from each of their departments imparted knowledge to FASTIANS. The speakers included Sadaf Umer (HR), Talha Zubair, Ammar Khan and many more. The seminar was attended by a diverse pool of students from every batch. ICE-NUCES organized a one day training workshop on Civil 3D to familiarize aspiring engineers with the environment of such a significant software. The workshop was conducted by a professional geotechnical engineer Engr. Mohammed Ahmed Khan who delivered an impactful lecture on the topic and provided a basic understanding of the capabilities and features of Civil 3D through demonstration and real life examples. Another guest speaker Engr. Muhammad Asif who is … One of the most fundamental duties on humans on this Earth, in fact the primary duty, is to uphold the Word of Allah as the highest, to diminish evil, and to spread good. This is what the Ummah of the Prophet (saw) is here for. Where we take care of our personal worships such as Salah, it is equally important that we stop evil, spread good, and discharge this duty … The Fast Expressa ‘22 aimed to be an ice-breaking session for new batch at FAST NUCES, to bring forth the efforts and efficiency of Fast Business Club to Bact’22. This was a non-academic event for the freshers to pave the way for everyone equally and cordially be a part of the event. The FAST Sports Society arranged a whole week of exciting sports for the students. The event was called “INTRAFAST”. Students from all departments registered and fully participated in the event. The response was absolutely overwhelming. The INTRAFAST was held for 6 days starting from 3 rd October and ending on 9 th October with daily sports events being held from 12PM to 6PM. VOICE represented FAST in two competitions; Beacon House Liberty Campus Kasuri cup and KEMU; King Edward Medical College Debating Championship. The teams performed extremely well in both competitions and one team consisting of two individuals; Abdullah Maqsood and Mudassar Seemab(ALUMNI FAST) bagged the trophy for Best team and Best Urdu open. We are proud of these individuals! Prize distribution ceremony was held on 7th Oct 2022 at Lahore campus. Honorable Rector Dr Aftab Ahmed and director Dr Hammad Naveed graced the event with their presence. Mr Naeem-ul-Haq Co-founder of educative also attended the ceremony as a guest of honor. A 2 day medical camp was organized by FASTCARE in collaboration with DR.ESSA LABORATORY. Various services like free blood sugar test, CBC for dengue, haemoglobin test, hepatitis screening and much more was offered on campus to all the students and faculty. Over 200 tests were administered and all that was made possible by the hard work of the sedulous team members and the volunteers alike. The Book of Allah is indeed the grand solution to all our problems. It is the answer to our prayers for guidance and help, and in it, we find direction for whatever phase we might be in our life. Allah, exalted be He, has left nothing unexplained in His book, The Qur'an. So, it should be upon every Muslim to take refuge in the Qur'an and reflect deeply upon its … Idyllic Youth Society celebrated Teacher's Day by organizing an event where different reknown educationists such as Mr. Amjad Hussain, Mr. Bilal Hashmi and Mr. Qaisar Duraani were invited as our honorable guests. They shared their life experience with the students at FAST. The ceremony ended with the distribution of gifts between our HOD of CS Dept. Dr Kashif Raza, our Faculty Advisor Idyllic Youth Society Prof. Raziuddin and our guests … The road to success is indeed for the one who struggles in its completion, who works for the desired goal day and night, and should sacrifice be necessary, does not hesitate upon it. And what is there to be successful in rather than being witnesses to La Ilaha Illallah (There is no god but Allah)? Indeed, that is the ultimate success. So, glad tidings to the one who strives in … The purpose of the “Intro to Git & GitHub” session was to introduce and explain the use Git and GitHub. The guest speaker Mr. Bilal Shahzad, Director of IBAX - A Blockchain Infrastructural Network, ensured that the content was delivered effectively, and catered to the questions from the audience. The session was also attended by Dr. Kashif Zafar, Head of the Computer Science Department at FAST NUCES. The following points … Career Counselling Society arranged an Industry Trip to Arfa Karim Tower on 7 October, 2022 in collaboration with ACM. The trip was the first of its kind where CCS took a diverse pool of 35 students from all batches and departments. Students toured the following places: -METRO Bus Command & Control Center -PITB Data Center -ITU Orientation, Labs etc -Plan 9 Incubating Center -Ozi Technologies The tour went really smoothly … MOU signed between (NUCES), Lahore Campus with Dr. Essa Laboratories & Diagnostic Center, Lahore for discounts. 25 % Discount on All Pathology (Tests), 20 % Discount on All Radiology scans including X-rays, Ultrasounds & E.C.G., 100% Free Home sample collection services (Within the Lahore), Covid-PCR tests will be of Rs. 3500, Free Covid-Booster shots [Pfizer, Sinopharm, Sinovac], 10 % Discount on Dental Services, 10 % Discount on our upcoming services … The students of 2022 batch enjoyed their first trip, to Kartarpur Corridor. Our Director, faculty members from all disciplines and Student Center staff accompanied the students to ensure the safety of the trip and allow to students to feel at ease with the management. FAST School of Computing organized a seminar on Resilient Network Load Balancing for Data Center Networks Datacenters (DCs) provide the backbone for online services such as web search and social networks. To deliver high bandwidth to such services, modern data centers are often structured as multi-rooted tree topologies, resulting in multiple paths between every pair of servers. To optimally utilize the available bandwidth, an efficient network load balancing scheme is … One of the greatest blessings of Allah upon His servants is the Qur'an, and the ability to recite it is an immense source of reward in His Sight. Indeed, it is the ones who remember Allah who become successful. Know that Allah never wastes the call of the one who calls upon Him. In fact, He is, at all times, ready to respond in a considerably better way. So recite … The servant of Allah is constantly in need of the Mercy of Allah, without which one is lost evidently. The Most Merciful has, therefore, granted us several passive and active methods to seek His forgiveness and, by His leave, because successful in this world and the next. We should strive to invoke the forgiveness of Allah, and we should make sure we never make ourselves devoid of such a necessity. Keeping in mind the need for the latest and up-to-date information in this new changing world, SOFTEC hosted a seminar “scene on Hai” that would provide valuable industry insights on the Tech ecosystem in Pakistan. The speaker, Mr. Umair Khan, is a seasoned VC from Silicon Valley and also an entrepreneur with over 20 industry patents. The event was based on the intriguing question of the future of the tech … In light of the recent devastations of the flooding in major parts of Pakistan, a fundraiser was planned to help the victims. DramaF and FMS joined hands for this highly crucial cause and Shajar e Umeed, as it was named, was planned. The event was held successfully on 20th September 2022. Tickets were set up for the event and all the ticket sales were put together as a donation for … The batch 2022 photo was a success! Pretty people with pretty smiles could be seen everywhere. Students not only got their batch photo taken but also posed in front of the camera for individual or group photos with their friends. Our favourite part of the day was when students gathered again for the second part of the batch photo with flashlights in the dark!! To become ideal Muslims and to perform those duties which are required of us, it is imperative that we understand and seek knowledge of what it is to be done in the first place. In addition to this fundamental principle of seeking knowledge, one must also seek forgiveness for the sins they may have committed, and remain determined on avoiding them at all costs. These principles are, therefore, a key … Department of Sciences & Humanities, Lahore campus has initiated a regular mathematics seminar series from Fall 2022. In this weekly activity, a one-hour session is conducted every Wednesday (4:30 - 5:30) pm. All current PhD scholars and some of the mathematics faculty members are delivering talks on emerging topics in their research areas. This seminar series is proving to be very informative for the graduate students in particular. Moreover, this … FAST Society of Data Science organized a seminar on the topic of Data Analytics in collaboration with Transformatics. Mr. Nauman Mir and Mr. Bilal Bin Munir took us on a detailed journey of what Data Analytics really is and how you can enter the industry. Indeed, an insightful event, with a participation of more than 250 students and faculty of FAST NUCES. Voice FAST held their ice breaking session on Monday, 19th September, 2022 to a great success and response from the students. It served as a great opportunity for the new batch to interact with their seniors and learn more about the society. Along with many fun-filled activities, different debating categories were also introduced to the students. Additionally, they were briefed about what they can expect to give and learn from … IEEE NUCES collaborated with NUCES MEDIA GROUP and Stacks FAST in order to conduct an informative seminar on Intelligent NFT(by cloud city metaverse) with the help of STACKS FAST. This seminar was arranged with the motive of giving introduction to students about a new emerging technology; NFTs that has swept the globe. This seminar gave good information about NFTs that are used in several specific applications that require unique digital … IEEE  organized a fantastic workshop on machine learning, beginning with the fundamental unit of any intelligent product or service: neural nets. Dr. Hammad Naveed, Director of FAST NUCES Lahore and the computational biology research laboratory, conducted it in a noteworthy way. It covered one of the most recent topics of the era. The workshop invited students from all disciplines and batches and achieved the goal of arousing the interest of … Career Counseling Society (CCS) has held a critical role within FAST as a bridge between students and the industry. CCS collaborated with students from LGS JT Girls Campus and their IT society for a campus tour. A delegation of 19 students observed campus life here firsthand. They also visited the engineering labs of the campus. The tour was held on the 8th of September from 2-4: 30 pm. It was … One of the greatest responsibilities of the servants of Allah is, without doubt, prayer. Prayer is the key to numerous victories in this life and the next. And as Iqbal puts it, this one Sajda saves you from a million others. Indeed, the one who safeguards his prayer, is the one closest to his Lord. The possessor of intellect understands this key element, and protects this sacred pillar with all … FBC partnered with SABC (South Asian Business Concern) which is a management consultancy company that has an authority given by PFG (Prudential Financial Limited) for branding the Startups/Entrepreneurship development programs to provide the taste of Global Financial Markets. Moreover, PFG searches and prepares the best future brains and empower them with the skills to handle financial markets. Students have been studying debt instrumentsin their theoretical subjects, so these programs would … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU conducted a Q&A session on the Fulbright scholarship.During the event, the director of FAST, Dr. Hammad Naveed, addressed the questions and queries of the students and guided them regarding the Fulbright scholarship. The session was held at the new auditorium on 8th September 2022. It was a very informative session; everyone acquired basic knowledge about the Fulbright scholarship, which is indeed one of the best scholarship … Career Counseling Society conducted an insightful seminar to educate students about the CSS exam on September 15th, 2022. Mr Ahsan Faraz Gondal, the position holder of CSS 2021, was invited to share do’s and don’ts for CSS preparation. The event was held in the Syed Rafaqat Ali auditorium from 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm. The speaker started off the session by introducing the exam to the students. He briefed the … To appreciate the hard work and dedication of the exceptional SOFTEC team, SOFTEC organized an award ceremony on 14th September 2022. Directed by SOFTEC’s management, this event aimed to appreciate all who had worked hard day and night to make SOFTEC'22 a huge success. The ceremony began with the name of Allah Almighty and was followed by the National Anthem. The important guests included Mr. Hammad Naveed – the director … Career Counseling Society invited Mr Ahmad Manzoor, founder and CEO of Pakistan Blockchain Institute, to deliver a seminar on blockchain development on September 12th, 2022. The event was held in the Syed Rafaqat Ali auditorium from 11:30 pm - 1:00 pm. The speaker educated the students about the avenues in the emerging field of blockchain technology. Students having an interest in the field keenly listened to the speaker. Mr Manzoor … Fast Care collaborated with Sundas Foundation on the 15 th of September to collect blood from volunteering students to save the lives of Thalassemia and Haemophilia patients. Sundas Foundation provides blood and blood products for all fatal diseases to patients, the government, and private hospitals with no charges. Faculty members and students volunteered to donate blood, and we collected approximately 116 blood bags in just 7 hours of blood camp. … A research talk on "Linear time algorithm to calculate Wiener Index in unicyclic and bicyclic graphs" was given by Khawaja Muhammad Fahad, PhD on 16th September. The seminar was organized by Graduate Research Lab (GRL) Committee in Computer Science Department. In the talk, Dr. Fahd discussed about Wiener Index. Specifically, he discussed about undirected, unweighted graph in which Wiener Index is defined as the sum of all the edge-distances between … Be in this world as if you are a stranger or a passerby. The attainment of enlightenment starts by understanding the temporary nature of this world, and the permanence of the hereafter. This life is merely an arrangement of delusions. The one who understands these diversions, and then works towards being nearer to the final abode near their Lord, will indeed be successful. This lies in understanding Jannah, and how … The servant of Allah need only act and he will find that his Lord is well within his reach, for every step towards Him is reciprocated tenfold by the Most Merciful. The understanding and application of this relationship between Allah and His servants is the crux of success, and achieving closeness to your Lord is indeed achieving a manifest victory. We need only arise and walk towards our Creator and … On 7th September, 2022, following the amazing success of the previous in-person USEFP exchange semester program information session with Javeria Nadeem batch'18, on high demand, another online session to facilitate all those who couldn't make it last time had been organised by NUCES ACM. The two sessions lead primarily by Javeria allowed the attendees to acknowledge all there was to know regarding the program - from its initial preparations to … Voice and Idyllic Youth collaborated for Defence Day celebration on 6th September 2022. The event consisted of a flag hoisting ceremony in front of the CS department followed by an Honorary Declamation Competition. The competition was bilingual with 30 participants showcasing their skills. It was a full day event starting at 12 and ending at 5pm. Short documentaries on defense day were also shown to increase the knowledge of students … FAST SPORTS SOCIETY conducted a charity fund raiser double wicket tournament for the flood affectees of Pakistan on Friday 2nd September. The event was a success as numerous teams participated and put their skills to display while the management made sure the tournament was smooth sailing and pulled off everything to the best of their abilities. It was a small effort from our side as we intended to add our … Career Counseling Society greeted the new batch with a session specific to them. With our guest Mr. Khizer Hayat Sani from Conrad Labs, we highlighted various aspects of university life and how to find interest in the respective fields. The event was held in CS-14 on 31 August, 2022. Undoubtedly, the new batch holds immense talent and will increase the overall positivity and academic prowess of our university. The natural design signifies collectiveness when it comes to dealing with human beings. The results and impact created by actions of an individual has a communal effect. Thus, in parallel to personal correctness of actions, equal attention and effort is required for collective correctness. In a personal capacity, every student can feel responsible for their own circles and peer groups, and start connecting with them on these lines. Actionable strategies, including reverting to Prayers, Repentance and large scale charity drives; investing in Afterlife for maximising the returns was discussed. Also, peer to peer in-person marketing to motivate others to participate was also emphasized on. The Electrical Engineering department of the National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences FAST NUCES, Lahore campus in collaboration with the Career Services Office of the university arranged an informative Industrial Tour for the graduating students of the Electrical Engineering (Computer Stream) to Mentor graphics (Siemens) on Thursday 26 May 2022. The students were received with a welcome presentation by one of the company’s representative. The presentation included a brief … The Electrical Engineering Department of NUCES-FAST, in collaboration with the Career Services Office of the university, arranged an Industrial Tour for the graduating students of the Electrical Engineering (Electronics Stream) to PEL factory unit on Monday, 30 May 2022. During this tour, the students were received a welcome presentation consisting of a brief introduction of the company and their contribution to the market in terms of their products. The students … Pukaar Community in collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore arranged a seminar on Emotional Intelligence by a Clinical Physiologist, Fatima Tahir. The seminar was held on 18 May 2022. The team has planned a series of seminars on mental health awareness across the country throughout the year. Only by educating and increasing the awareness about mental disorders and by recognizing them as a real illness, we can prevent the disastrous effects … The second day of Orientation Day for batch 2022 brought the students of Electrical Engineering, Civil Engineering and Management Sciences to their new institute. Syed Rafaqat Auditorium was filled to the fullest as the management welcomed the newbies. Our societies were once again in action and spread the word of their operations among the new batch. Any effort for good, when done in sync with the efforts of Rasulullah (S.A.W), is acceptable in the eyes of Allah.  Finality of prophethood implies that the responsibility of the prophetic efforts of dawah, trickles down to each member of the Ummah. These efforts, when done inline with the efforts of Prophet PBUH, will result in the promised hidayah (guidance). وَٱلَّذِينَ جَـٰهَدُوا۟ فِينَا لَنَهْدِيَنَّهُمْ سُبُلَنَا ۚ وَإِنَّ ٱللَّهَ لَمَعَ ٱلْمُحْسِنِينَ. … SOFTEC organized an exemplary seminar From FAST 2 AMAZON on 1st September 2022. The seminar's goal was to educate the students who want to secure jobs abroad or are worried or facing stress related to finding jobs. Mr. Syed Muhammad Ali Mustafa shared his own journey with the students about how he secured a job as a Software Development Engineer in Amazon without any granted privileges. He added, he kept … The flood Relief Campaign started from 29th August 2022 and ended on 5th September 2022. It was conducted in collaboration with the Alkhidmat foundation. The main purpose of the Flood Relief Campaign was to collect donations for the people that were affected by flooding in South Punjab. Baluchistan, and interior Sindh. Flood Drive desk was set up on a daily basis from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm for the whole … FAST CARE organized a Book Drive. It started from 29th August 2022 and ended on 1st September 2022. The main purpose of the Book Drive was to collect books that were unused or slightly used and that help others who are unable to buy those books. Book Drive desk was set up on daily basis from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm. A total of 82 books were collected from the … Career Counseling Society hosted the youth-led global non-profit organization, AISEC, on 1 September, 2022. The representatives set up a stall in front of the cafe and got an immensely positive response from the students. By visiting the stall, students could get information, and register themselves in the community. Our guests enjoyed their time and left with smiles. Wired, a workshop on IoT, sponsored by Grandeur, was held at NUCES-FAST on 31 May, 2022. Stacks FAST Chapter hosted Grandeur for this hands-on session. Grandeur introduced its software and hardware tools to the students. The event took place in the Old Auditorium with 40+ participants and was a successful one. FAST Sports society represented Lahore Campus at NasCon. It provided all the young players a chance to exhibit their talent and explore their untapped potential. The event was a huge success and we received an overwhelming welcome and respect from all the organizers and support staff. The three-day event included various competitions. Our Futsal and Badminton teams ended up victorious and brought back trophies. The management team did a great … Stacks FAST Chapter successfully completed it's first Clarity Cohort in the university in Spring 2022. About 30 students registered for the 8-week long bootcamp. From the basics of blockchain to smart contracts on Clarity language, the students were made familiar with all. The course concluded with a couple of assignments. Fast Sports Gala’22 has successfully been concluded. There was overwhelming response from all the participants and sponsors. Employees from the corporate sector from various software houses took part in different sports including Volley, Chess, Futsal, Cricket, Arm Wrestling, Foosball. The management team was efficient during and after the matches and accommodated all the participants in this scorching heat. Companies like EMPG labs, i2c, WeRplay won a huge number of matches … 'Heartiest Congratulations To Our FMS Family! Our performers in FMS recently participated in Battle of the Bands and Individual Singing at NasCon'22 held in Fast Islamabad. Our band consisting of Naveed Ali, Hussnain Afzal, Maaz Abid, Wasi Haider, Najia Ikhlaq, bagged a Runners Up position in BotB and one of our talented singers, Aaliyan Sami, placed third position in Individual Singing! We could not be more proud of our members … Fatimid Foundation X FASTCare Donate your blood for a reason, let the reason to be life. FASTCare collaborated with @fatimid_foundationlahore in a blood camp and successfully managed to collect more than 60 bottles of blood. What a year it has been for society and everyone around. We would like to sign off this year’s FASTCare’s events on a high note of managing and helping the foundation collect such a huge … The flagship event of ACM student chapter, GeekWeek’22 was held on 21st May, 2022. As promised, a legion of competitions and workshops inspired a diverse set of participants in this year's competition and, indeed, GeekWeek'22 had it all. FAST Lahore had it's Semester Finale Session of Provisions for Seekers. The idea of the Prophetic efforts of Dawah, and the responsibility which trickles down to each individual of the Ummah as per Khatm e Nabuwwat (Finality of Prophethood) to create an enabling environment which connects everyone with Allah was discussed.Director FAST Lahore campus, Dr. Hammad Naveed was also present. The flagship event of Career Counseling Society, Job Fair ’22 was held on 14 May, 2022. The event hosted 80+ companies from all domains of the industry. It was a one-day event, with timings from 9:00 am – 5:00 pm. The companies were provided refreshments and lunch. All companies collected resumes, some conducted interviews and tests as well. The closing ceremony was held in New Auditorium, where Director, Dr. Hammad … The Critical Spectacle took place on 23rd May 2022. We hosted Muzammil Shah, a well-known news anchor. The event started with the Voice team receiving Mr.Muzammil. After that, an interview began where a series of questions were asked. Questions ranged from political, social, and philosophical questions. After that, the audience was given a chance to ask Mr.Muzamil there own questions. Finally, the event was concluded by presenting him with a … One Day Trip to Dunga Gali! A place where Fastians went to explore and discover the amazing views and enjoyed the weather which was an escape from Lahore's hot weather. We left Lahore at 12 am, reached Dunga Gali around 8 am, had breakfast at Hotel Amore which was very delicious. All of us started to trek on pipeline track and enjoyed the mesmerizing views along with the path, at … The session on Natural Language Processing was organized on Friday, 20 th May. Our Guest Speaker, Mr. Hamza Farooq is a Research Manager from Google and ( Alumni of FAST) Mr. Hamza gave insights on NLP innovations and industrial trends. Mr.Hamza also gave career development advice. He told students about his journey from FAST to Google.The session was conducted on Bevy virtually, 87 Attendees including a few teachers gained valuable … An insightful Workshop on “STABILITY ANALYSIS OF A ROCK SLOPE AND AN OPEN PIT USING 3DEC & was conducted by Brig (Retd) Prof Sarfraz Ali who is currently serving as a Prof at Wits Mining Institute (WMI), University of the Witwatersrand. Objectives of the workshop was to introduce the procedures for numerical, geotechnical stability, stability of a slope, reinforced slope and an open pit analysis in 3 DEC software to … The Medal Distribution Ceremony at NUCES-FAST Lahore was held on campus on 20th May 2022. Dr. Aftab Maroof (Rector, NUCES-FAST) and Dr. Hammad Naveed  (Director Campus, Lahore) graced the event with their presence and distributed the medals to students of all batches and degree programs. Two prominent alumnis Mr. Umair Majeed and Ms. Ayesha Chaudhry were the Guest of Honor at the event. They shared some wise words and their journey … Pukaar Community in collaboration with FAST NUCES Lahore arranged a seminar on Emotional Intelligence by a Clinical Physiologist, Fatima Tahir. The seminar was held on 18 May 2022. The team has planned a series of seminars on mental health awareness across the country throughout the year. Only by educating and increasing the awareness about mental disorders and by recognizing them as a real illness, we can prevent the disastrous effects … IntraFAST Debating Competition took place on 11th May, 2022. The competition was held between 20 teams in total. The entire competition comprised of 2 preliminary rounds which were conducted in 5 separate rooms. Furthermore, the Debate was in British Parliamentary style and 4 teams were shortlisted and sent to the finale. Finale was conducted on the next day followed by an award ceremony. FAST is proud to announce the biggest corporate sports event, FAST Sports Gala 2022, at FAST-NU Lahore from 27th May to 29th May.Companies from all over Pakistan actively take part in sports events, where FAST Sports Society provides them with a platform to encourage healthy competition. The 3-day event has previously been sponsored by various companies. With 8+ sponsors and 3400+ participants, FAST Sports Society managed to pull off an … EMPG Lab visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 26, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science.. Tajir App visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 19, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS Computer Science.. SlashNext: SlashNext visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their hiring process on March 18, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and also conducted a test for graduating batches of BS. Repairdesk: Repairdesk visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their recruitment drive program on 22 March, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and conducted walk-in interviews for graduating and senior batches of BS and MS. Devsinc: Developers Incorporated visited NUCES-FAST Lahore for a recruitment drive as part of their recruitment drive program on March 24, 2022. The representatives gave a thorough view of the company and conducted walk-in interviews for graduating and senior batches of BS and MS. On the 1st of April, NMG - Nuces Media Group went to Islamabad to meet up with FPS from FAST Islamabad Campus to join them in our biannual Photowalk! Students from the Lahore campus were greeted by students of Islamabad Campus and breakfast after their long drive. All students then departed and visited Golra Station & its museum, Saidpur Village and the famous Pakistan Monument and its museum. Students then … The Mindstorm Studios Winter Jam '22 marked a new beginning in the gaming Industry in Pakistan. Winter Jam hosted numerous game developers and arranged a youth panel discussion. Director NUCES-FAST Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed was also part of the event. The event on 25 March, 2022, saw the prize distribution of prizes aming the winners and runner-ups. Including our very own Ahmad Nawaz of BS(CS) batch 2020. He secured 2nd … The most anticipated event of FAST NUCES Lahore and the biggest, record-breaking tech event of Pakistan, SOFTEC'22. With 20+ sponsors, 1200+ participants and 10,000+ footfall from all over Pakistan, FAST NUCES is proud to present SOFTEC'22 as its flagship IT event. Bridging the gap between students and the professional world of IT, SOFTEC'22 has proven to be the most beneficial and fun event for Software companies and students. The FAST Music Society hosted the annual FAST Music Fest at FAST Lahore. The event was held after a hiatus of 4 years and expectations were very high. The event brought in the best musicians and singers from around the country to compete in this very close battle. The event was held for one whole day on 19th March 2022, captivating the audience from start to finish. We had a … The FAST Sports Society was invited to FAST Faisalabad to participate in Daira 2022. We accepted the invitation and the event lasted three days, from 25th to 27th March. Our teams were graciously accommodated at the Faisalabad campus. Our hard work paid off and it is with great pride that we inform you that the FAST Sports Society managed to secure five trophies in Volleyball, Cricket, Arm Wrestling, Carom Board … FAST Care conducted its flagship event, named Care For All. The topic for this event was “Care for environment”.Mr Syed Zahid Aziz, CEO Punjab Aab-e-Paak Authority, delivered a speech regarding water pollution and pollution in general. Then, a video of another guest, Mr Ali Tabish, actor/model, was played in the auditorium which touched the subject matters of smog and air pollution. Dr. Hammad Naveed also graced the event with his … An insightful session on "Health and Safety Certifications'' was conducted at Department of Civil Engineering FAST-NU. In this session, Health and Safety professionals from Doosan Academy guided students to various certifications and opportunities in the Health and Safety field. Students of FAST NU Lahore got an opportunity to attend the CIMA business game competition. It was a case study solving competition and 2 teams from FAST participated in it. We are proud to announce that both the teams qualified to the last round and were able to score 3rd (Hustlers) and 4th position (Passion Pavers). They were required to solve 4 preassigned questions and along with submitting a report, … FAST School of Management is pleased to announce the 2nd cycle of "Business Analytics with Python: Boot Camp for Beginners ". This boot camp is designed for absolute beginners with an analytical aptitude and who aspire to join the business analytics industry. Bootcamp will be organized both on-campus and online. The most prominent ride-sharing app, Careem, visited NUCES-FAST for a Speed Programming Competition.   Our guests awarded Rs. 25000 to the winner and appreciated all participants. The recruitment drive happened in collaboration with Career Counseling Society and the university is hopeful for hosting Careem at Job Fair '22. The IEEE-NUCES Lahore Branch conducted a tech talk on 15th March 2022. The event was held in Old Auditorium during 2:30 pm to 4:00 pm. To grab the audience attention, the emails were sent to the students and the posts related to the event were shared on social media platforms. The speakers for the seminar were Mr. Kashif Wajid Qureshi and Mr. Uzair Tariq, who are Senior Software Engineers. They … FAST Lahore hosted Cricketer Inzamam ul Haq, where he delivered a talk at the session "Welcoming Ramadhan". It was a full-house event and the student body was very elated by this initiative taken by the university. Moral and social values, especially Parental rights were highlighted in the light of Quran and Sunnah. A special emphasis was put on preparing for Ramadhan by setting goals for the blessed month, and then … DevSinc was at NUCES-FAST on 29 March, 2022 for a Recruitment session. Human Resource Representatives from the company were present in New Auditorium. They shared thorough details of their organization's recruiting process. We are hopeful that DevSinc will continue to be our guest and share their knowledge with our students. On 10 th march 2022, FAST Business Club conducted for the very first time in the history of FAST a one of its kind ‘Business Startup exhibition’. This exhibition proved to be a fabulous event where the startup heroes of FAST emerged on the surface and got a chance to learn about the customer point of view regarding their products and what strategy should they adopt on large scale business … Dramaf recently had tha opportunity to perform at Alhamra. The invitation was sent all over Pakistan and six scripts were selected from there to perform at their “First Women Art Festival”. The theme was “breaking the bias”, and Dramaf performed their script “Takhayyul”, written by Mahreen Ghafoor, and directed by Rana Tabish Saeed and Hamna Rehman. The play was about the inner struggles, and prejudices that women have to fight … An educational visit was arranged by ASCE NUCES to KHANKI BARRAGE on Saturday 5th MARCH 2022. This visit was arranged to enable the students to understand the basics of barrage and its components and give them a visual experience of the working of a barrage. Dramafest is an annual theatre event organized by DramaF where universities from all over Pakistan compete. This year we had a one day event on the 17 th of March. We had seven participating teams. The reporting started around 9 am and the performances were initiated at around 1pm. The last performance was the host play by Dramaf, after which the award ceremony was conducted. The performances by all the … FAST's very own Music Society, known as FAST Music Society to many, participated in various categories under Music Mania at UCP Taakra 2022. They showcased their talent in Battle of the Bands, Eastern and Western Singing, as well as Instrumentals. Hussnain Afzal and Izza Mujeeb were able to clinch both positions of Winner and Runner Up respectively, in the instrumental category, and made FAST proud. Seminar on Water Management in Pakistan's Indus Basin was delivered by Engineer Muhammad Hasnain Khan who is retired “Chief Engineer “from Punjab Irrigation Department. The seminar included: 1) A special Talk on Indus Water Treaty and Indus River System Authority (IRSA) accord 1991. 2) Engineer Hasnain's professional experience as a Water Resource Engineer in the Punjab Irrigation Department. The seminar was organized by ICE NUCES - Student Chapter Dr Summaira Sarfraz Prof. Dean Faculty of Sciences and Humanities  was invited as a Guest Speaker on the International Women’s Day (IWD) 8, March 2022 at Confiz Limited Lahore. In her address Dr Summaira highlighted the challenges a woman faces in the workplace and emphasized the importance of professional development as an effective strategy to equip women to address these challenges. She further expressed that hard work , persistence and commitment are the key factors to achieve success. The event was attended by a large … The FAST Sports Society arranged a whole week of exciting sports for the students. The event was called “INTRAFAST”. Students from all departments registered and fully participated in the event. The response was absolutely overwhelming. The INTRAFAST was held for 6 days starting from 28th February and ending on 5th March with daily sports events being held from 12PM to 6PM consisting of sports which included Futsal, Cricket, Volleyball, Table … KE visited FAST NUCES Lahore to call out applications for 7/11+ Innovation Challenge followed by a meeting with Director Campus, Dr Hammad Naveed and Senior Faculty members. KE enourages entrepreneurs, researchers, students to bring break through ideeas in the areas of clean energy & sustainable cities.   #FASTNULahore #FASTNU By 2025 a colossal amount of 463 exabytes of data is expected to be generated every day globally. SOFTEC’22 held an interactive session on Data Center Industry today. Hosted by Mr. Imran Latif, the Chief Operating Officer of the United States Department of Energy, the event proved to be an undisputed success. Stable storage and optimal retrieval of data were the cornerstones of today’s session. As part of International Women's Day celebrations, the Sciences and Humanities Department invited Ms. Sonia Sadaf, a CSS '17 position holder and a Deputy Secretary to Chief Minister Punjab , to share her personal experiences and recommendations on how to ace CSS and face professional challenges effectively.  The Talk was attended by BS and MS scholars who participated assertively in Q&A  session. The event concluded with closing remarks from Dr. … Students represented FAST at LSE Sports Gala from 25th February to 28th February. In Football, we lost the first round against FCCU by 2-nill. Against LUMS, we lost by a score of 2-1 in semi finals. With LUMS A and LSE alumni being our opponent in Volleyball male , we lost by a close margin. In female volleyball, the competition was tough with LUMS, and after winning 1 set with … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU has held another successful seminar in collaboration with CureMD Pakistan, based primarily on the company’s Young Inventor Program. The event was hosted in the Old Auditorium and had a sizable attendance of over 50 students. The presentation had its main focus on discussing entrepreneurship and exposing the audience to new ideas and avenues available to them. ACM Buddy Program! Indeed few other moments in life can be as challenging as one's time in university. That's why our Ex President, Raphael Nazirullah, recently gave a super inspirational talk on handling the peculiarities of university life, which combined with the fresh lens of new students, can seem ever more daunting. Students received powerful tips to maintain a healthy work-life balance and how to succeed both academically and professionally … Provisions for Seekers SessionDiscussion on Takeaways from the Prophet’s (PBUH) expedition to the valley of taif and on moral values and well human being in the light of Quran and Sunnah.~Regular sessions would be conducted every Tuesday and Thursday at 2:15pm-2.40pm in EM 6. NUCES Lahore is delighted to announce that DirAction has started it's e-commerce courses at FAST NUCES, LahoreThe first batch successfully completed it's course. Three-Day English Language Teachers Training was held at Lahore Campus from February 09-11,2022. The pre-semester training is the regular feature of English program to train the faculty with the updated  teaching methodologies. The training was attended by the visiting and permanent English language faculty. The training covered the best practices in communication and presentation skills teaching and learning methodologies,lesson planning,rubrics development and evaluation processes. The English Faculty of Lahore Campus visited Gurdawara Darbar Sahib in Kartarpur. It was the end semester recreational trip of the faculty. The faculty interacted with the Sikh Yateries visiting from India and exchanged pleasantries. The objective of the FAST Track is straightforward - equipping you with the right skills to join the digital marketplace as a Manager or Business Owner!   Starting from January 24, 2022 Timings: 14:00 to 17:00 hrs Venue: TBA Monday through Friday   To get registered please visit https://bit.ly/GetRegistered/FASTTrackCourse   For fee submission please visit  Student Center during office hours (8:30-16:15 hrs) CARE app is now launched which will unify the efforts of care and bring about digital medium where we can know the best efforts of Fast Care Society. App developers: Haasin Farooq Maryam Rasool Career Counselling Society arranged a seminar session on December 20th, 2021, to talk about the job opportunities and the recruitment process at Folio3. The seminar comprised of an esteemed panel of guests belonging to the HR and Development departments of Folio3. Due to their vast experience and knowledge regarding recruitment and technical skills, they were able to deliver valuable insights to the students of FAST. They shared personal stories and … A series of reminder sessions have been initiated, and a session in continuation of the same was conducted today. It was noted that the rewards and virtues promised by the Allah are important in motivating one to do better.Additionally, the responsibilities of the students in creating a better conducive atmosphere at the campus were also discussed, and that we should own our responsibility and collaboratively work for it. Dr Summaira Sarfraz, Dean Faculty School of Sciences and Humanities was invited as a Keynote Speaker at the Virtual International Conference on English Literature, Linguistics, Translation Studies and Faculty Development (ICLLTSFD 2021) organized by the Department of English, Centre for Linguistics, Translation Studies and Faculty Development, University of Education, Lahore with the theme “21st Century Innovative Trends and Future Perspectives in English Literature, Linguistics and Faculty Development” on December 07-08, … NMG recently held a very successful Mushaera event, to give the students a chance to relax and enjoy during the difficult end of term days. It also gave the students, who have a gift in urdu poetry, the chance to showcase their talent.  NMG started advertising on social media and at the university, a few days prior to the event. This advertisement was quite successful as the turn out for … Shaukat Khanam X Fast Care. Donating blood is the essence of helping out humanity's fight in always making sure that there is constant supply of blood available which could saves lives at the time when it's most needed. Hence, dedication, righteousness and kindness is not a word, it's a recursive act and like constant cycles of day and night, it needs to reiterate infinite times because there is no measure … The IEEE NUCES Lahore organized CS-GO tournament was a big hit. The two day event saw 9 teams going head to head to determine the best CS-GO team for FAST. Fighters gave it their all, and despite their valiant efforts, only one was crowned the victor. We at IEEE NUCES, cannot be more proud of our gaming team for making this event a reality, and present to you the highlights … Government College University hosted their ‘All Pakistan Summit of Student Societies’ in order to recognize new talents all around. This year FAST DramaF were the defending champions and hence were bestowed the opportunity to showcase our play at the closing ceremony with a tremendous finish. We formulated a team of 9 actors, 3 of them from our newest batch, to implement the story line written and directed by Asim Shahid. … UCL hosts their annual UCPAF in order to recognize new talents all around.This year, DramaF gave chance to new batches in order to search for raw talent and uncover their passion to act and showcase exceptional skills. We formulated a team of 4 actors, 2 of them from our newest batch, to implement the story line written by Mahreen Ghafoor and Hamna Rehman, our talented writers. Adan Bashir directed the … A delegation of 84 students represented FAST-NU Lahore at UCL SPORTSFEST 2021 from 22nd Nov - 27th Nov 2021. Each participant showed his/her skill set in the field. After a series of intense matches and unparalleled sportsmanship, our teams brought home eight medals. The newest society in FAST held its orientation on 7 December, 2021 i.e., Tuesday.  The event started at the proposed time; 11:00 am. The team had arranged a quiz game before the guests’ arrival at 11:30 am. The event was attended by Director FAST Lahore, Dr. Hammad Naveed, HOD CS department, Dr Kashif Zafar, Stacks Country Consultant, Mr. Nabeel Qadeer, Stacks community leader, Ms. Syeda Mehak and, Co-advisor of the … Mr. Nabeel A. Qadeer, our alumnus of Batch 2001 visited Dr. Hammad Naveed Director FAST NU Lahore campus. During the meeting many avenues of mutual interest and collaboration were discussed. Mr. Nabeel appreciated and acknowledged the Director's initiative for making the campus infrastructure and students life a memorable one. He also showed his strong commitment in giving back to his alma mater. A Guest Speaker Session arranged by Mr. Farooq Ahmad Randhawa on Leadership Development for (MBA-3A)-Mr Sohail Rizvi is a renowned HR Professional and Trainer with over 40 years of experience (including almost 20 years in USA). He also remained visiting faculty member at FAST School of Management alongside UMT, UET, Punjab University & and many other renowned institutions. Fast Creative Society , mustering up its entire creative output and phenomenal energy, recently Welcomed Batches 2020 and 2021 to an unforgettable evening as the Front Lawn dazzled with glistening lights, arresting people with its distinguished charm. A fun-filled event that superseded everyone's expectations, here are a few highlights! The IEEE NUCES Lahore sponsored CS-GO tournament was a big hit. The two day event saw 9 teams going head to head to determine the best CS-GO team for FAST. Fighters gave it their all, and despite their valiant efforts, only one was crowned the victor. We at IEEE NUCES, cannot be more proud of our gaming team for making this event a reality, and present to you the highlights … Career Counselling Society arranged a seminar session on 23rd November 2021 i.e., Tuesday to talk about the Empower to Lead (E2L) initiative of Fatima Group of companies and the thorough understanding of Fatima Group’s operations and employment opportunities. And this seminar consisted of our esteemed guest Omair Bukhari, a professional of his field and he will be sharing his insight into the world of recruitment for the fresh graduates of … SOFTEC organized a very insightful seminar in collaboration with HR Knowledge Café from OZI Group on November 25th, 2021. The panelists enlightened the audience about how the pandemic has affected the working of the professional world and how we need to adapt to it and use it to our benefit. Looking forward to many more beneficial seminars and panel talks in the future. For now, here are some clicks from … One day industrial visit to Tarbela Dam arranged by Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE NUCES - Student Chapter) under the Industrial/Field Visit Programme initiative of Civil Engineering Department. Tarbela dam is one of the largest man-made dams in the world situated on the right bank of river indus. The dam shows a true symbolic wonder of Civil Engineering marvel. The visit included a comprehensive tour of Tarbela Power House, Right … SOFTEC, hosted its orientation on 18th of November, 2021.The ceremony began with the audience standing up for the national anthem of Pakistan and Recitation of Holy Qur’an. After that, Dr. Kashif Zafar came on stage to enlighten the audience about what one’s goals and aspirations should be for them to become a successful person. He was quoted saying “success is not related to just one parameter, success is everything”. Moving on, … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU brought the idea of Amazon to our university. As professionals from E-skill were with us on 16 November, 2021. Various aspects of Amazon FBA's working and functions were discussed. The guests shared their stories and students cleared all their queries about a career with Amazon Keeping the adventurous spirit of FASTians alive, NFT - NUCES Fun Trekkers Official society on Sunday 14th November organised a successful trip to a breathtaking valley of lakes and springs, lush green fields and an awe-inspiring landscape...Can you guess which place it was? It was indeed Soon Valley in Khushab District in Naushera in Northern Punjab! Containing the highest peaks in the Salt range, it thrilled our students and … Sheikh Salman brings over 14+ years of IT industry experience accumulated across US Europe globally. He has recently joined Systems Limited as a Head of product support. Prior to joining Systems limited he was the Head of service delivery at Next-generation Technology solutions, Senior Manager Product Technology and Operations at Nielsen, Service delivery Manager and Release Manager at Telenor Group, System Analyst at IBEX global and RF Engineer at AT&T … The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. To answer the queries of students regarding CSS, ASCE NUCES Chapter invited Hashim Masood , 15th position holder in CSS '20 to share his own experience and tips to ace CSS. A large mass of CSS Aspirants gathered at the auditorium to seek guidance. The seminar went really well and all the enthusiastic students were deeply involved in the seminar. … DramaF, in collaboration with Fast Care, organised pink day at University on November 1st,2021. Through a play, Umeed e Sehr, written by the very talented Mahreen Ghafoor, DramaF Senior Vice President, our drama team did a remarkable job at creating awareness amongst the students about breast cancer campaign. It is the need of the hour for people to be woke about such stereotyped topics and DramaF through art is rightly … Career Counseling Society FAST-NU in collaboration with FAST Career Services Office Lahore hosted KIPS College Girls, Gulberg Campus for a day. The guests were shown around the campus, given guidance regarding admission and give a glimpse of the campus life at FAST Lahore. The team made sure that the students were given motivation and answers, in order to prepare them for their undergrad journey. On 4th November 2021, IEEE-NUCES Lahore Branch conducted a very successful PYTHON WORKSHOP in the CS-9 lab of the FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus. The preparations for the event were commenced a week before the event date. To begin with, invitations of the workshop were mailed to the student body to ensure that they mark their calendars. In addition to this, banners specifically designed as an invitation to the workshop were hung … As you know we successfully carried out a Photowalk on 7th of November’21. I am attaching the pictures along with the post event report for it. NMG, in collaboration with FPS from Islamabad Campus, conducted a photowak through the streets of Old Lahore. The event was sponsored by Nikon Pakistan. The students from Islamabad and Lahore campuses were served with the breakfast to kickstart the event. Students and the executive members of … "To strive, To seek, To find... and not to yield" This was the motto of FAST Care's "Event: Pink Ribbon", conducted in collaboration with Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital! The event was indeed a success as the audience found themselves absorbed in all the information Shaukat Khanum team delivered! The audience found themselves in awe as DramaF presented a beautiful mime, named "Umeed-e-Sehr", written and directed by the very talented … Character Building Society conducted an event "Khud ki Pukaar" in partnership with the Pukaar Community. During the session, the Pukaar Community experts addressed the mental health stigmas and how to deal with them. The event started with a short introduction of CBS by the president, Syed Muhammad Ali Mustafa. He explained what CBS is and what kind of events are conducted by the society. The speakers of the session were … The long wait comes to an end! Presenting to you our pandemic batch, Batch '20! These folks weren't able to have their batch photo taken when it was time, due to the covid crisis. But they weren't forgotten, as NMG continued the tradition and brought them the opportunity to create this collective batch memory too! A big thank you for all those who joined us and NMG hopes this will … All smiles and a good time with our batch '21 The wait is finally over! Presenting to you the official batch photo for the Class of '21 Thanks to everyone who joined us and to the efforts of our NMG members for a successful batch photo event And remember; it is the people we meet along the way that help us appreciate the journey, a journey that has just begun … The Graphic Designing Workshop hosted by NMG was an exemplary opportunity for all the eager learners out there to boost their creativity. We are dedicated to bring more such great opportunities for you in the future. Stay tuned for updates regarding our upcoming projects! Lahore Division Commissioner Capt (retd) Muhammad Usman kickstarted the door to door coronavirus vaccination campaign under the “Lahore Gets Vaccinated Internship Programme”.The Punjab government has decided to mobilise 1,400 university students to initiate door to door coronavirus vaccination drive. The campaign started on 20 th September 2021. The students of our University took actively part in the internship Batch 2019! The wait is finally over, we are presenting to you the batch photo’19. We are thankful to you all for participating and making this successful. We appreciate the enthusiasm, eagerness, keenness and energy you all showed during this time. Also, hats off to entire NMG team for making it interesting. Hope to do more joyous events soon! Lahore Division Commissioner Capt (retd) Muhammad Usman kickstarted the door to door coronavirus vaccination campaign under the “Lahore Gets Vaccinated Internship Programme”. The Punjab government has decided to mobilise 1,400 university students to initiate door to door coronavirus vaccination drive. The campaign started on 20th September 2021. The students of our University took actively part in the internship IEEE-NUCES Lahore Branch celebrated IEEE Day on 12th October 2021. It was organized in the FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus and was conducted in New Auditorium. The event comprised of two sessions i.e., an Orientation Session and a Freelancing Seminar. Moreover, the IEEE team put an immense amount of effort into decorating the New Auditorium and promoting the event. The event was conducted in the following manner: Career Counselling Society, in collaboration with Career Services Office, arranged a seminar session on 13 October, 2021 to have a thorough insight into career-related issues of fresh graduates. The seminar was presided over by Mr. Faraz Shahid, Head of HR. Mr. Shahid was accompanied by Ms. Hira Shakoor, a member of the recruitment team at Sapphire Textiles.  The webinar started with a slight delay at 10:45 am. The reasons for … Google Developers Student Club Chapter at Fast NU organized an Info Session on Cloud Computing under the advisorship of HOD CS Dept. Dr. Kashif Zafar. The event was attended by the Director of FAST NU Lahore Campus Dr. Hammad Naveed. The Guest Speaker was Mr. Talha Naveed Ghauri, an Alumni of FAST and Application Development Lead from Microsoft. Mr. Talha Naveed delivered a highly informative session covering Cloud Basics and … Career Counselling Society arranged a webinar session on 1 October, 2021 to talk about the importance of freelancing for women. The webinar witnessed the presence of a pioneer entrepreneur, the Co-founder of Elle Tech and an alumnus of FAST, Miss Syeda Mehak.The webinar started on the scheduled time, 10:00 am and thus, went according to the proposed time. The idea was to introduce the female students to freelancing and guide … World Environmental Health Day 26th September has by the International Federation of Environmental Health has been declared ‘World Environment Health Day’ to be celebrated every year. We are going through difficult times, due to COVID-19, declared by the WHO as Pandemic. This Pandemic has come to demonstrate the vital role of the Environmental Health workforce worldwide to face this challenging time for all of humanity. It is necessary to accept … Dr. Summaira Sarfraz, Dean Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, was a Guest Speaker in An Hour With The Guest program hosted by National Highway and Motorway Police. The IGP Dr Syed Kaleem Imam welcomed Dr Summaira Sarfraz to the virtual session. In his welcoming remarks Dr Kaleem lauded the efforts made by the English faculty of NUCES Lahore campus in providing training to the NHMP senior Master Trainers. He further shared … Happy Women's Day to all the incredible women! Shine on.... Not just today but everyday! FAST NUCES Lahore wishes you a Happy International Women’s Day! As part of the first-ever collaboration between FAST National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and National Highway and Motorway Police (NHMP), the ‘Ten-Day Communication Skills Training’ was conducted at Lahore campus from Jan 25 – Feb 04, 2021. Seventeen Senior Patrolling Officers from NHMP Training College, Sheikhupura, participated in the training. The training was conducted by the English faculty headed by Dr. Summaira Sarfraz. The Commandant NHMP Training … "Cracking The Code" This session is designed to add value for students who are about to embark on their professional journey and are excited to land their first job. Speaker: Mr. Junaid Asrar Khan Head of Talent Acquisition & Sustainability, Fatima Group Get yourself register for the session: https://forms.gle/a1MmnSDc3j9vJnV4A Do you want to become part of the Unilever Future Leaders Programme and the Unilever Leadership Internship Programme ? Join us for a virtual campus drive today Monday, February 15, 2021 16:00 to 18:00 hrs The session will be conducted on MS Teams so ensure that you have the application installed on your devices. You can join the session using the link below: https://bit.ly/3pgoIf0 As part of MoU with NHMP, the senior faculty members of FAST NU, Lahore visited NHMP Training College. The faculty members visited different class rooms, monitored training activities and gave their feedback. The faculty members also visited different training facilities of the College. Later, in An Hour With Guest session, Dr. Sumaira Sarfraz delivered a comprehensive lecture on Effective Communication & Media Handling. The faculty appreciated the methods and means … As part of the first-ever collaboration between FAST National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and National Highway and Motorway Police (NHMP), the ‘Ten-Day Communication Skills Training’ was conducted at Lahore campus from Dec. 07 – 18, 2020. Thirteen Senior Patrolling Officers from NHMP Training College, Sheikhupura, participated in the training. The training was conducted by the English faculty headed by Prof. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz. The sessions covered soft … MOU signing ceremony between National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and Startup Grind, Lahore to promote collaboration in the areas of research projects, entrepreneurial workshops and competitions MOU signing ceremony between National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES) and National Engineering Services Pakistan (NESPAK) Lahore to promote collaboration in the areas of research projects, workshops and trainings. Dr. Hamid Hassan, Director FAST NUCES Lahore campus inaugurated the newly constructed Mac Lab at FAST School of Computing (FSC). This lab is a valuable addition to FSC's technical infrastructure and is expected to facilitate our students in key industry-relevant courses and projects. Prize Distribution Ceremony of IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan 2019-2020 was conducted on 1st October, 2020 for Mohammad Badar Ud Din of FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences, Lahore Campus who secured 7th position in IEEE Xplore IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan 2019-2020. The “IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan” was designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan and to … FAST NUCES Lahore and FAST School of Management warmly welcomes its new students. Here is a quick glimpse of the Orientations for BBS, BS(AF), MBA and MS(AF) Batch 2020 keeping in view all the SoPs for COVID-19. FAST NUCES Lahore and Department of Computer Science warmly welcomes its new students. Here is a quick glimpse of the Orientations for BS(CS), BS(SE) and BS(DS) Batch 2020 keeping in view all the SoPs for COVID-19. MOU signing ceremony between National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (NUCES), Lahore and National Highways & Motorway Police (NHMP), Sheikhupura to promote collaboration in the areas of research projects and training. Study Trips & Industrial Trips. The multi-award-winning society "DramaF" from FAST-NUCES Lahore Campus invites you all at the 14th Annual All Pakistan Drama Festival 2020. With a series of applaudable performances from our honorable teams from various institutions all over Pakistan, this will surely be an unmissable event. A seminar on "Women's Role in Corporate Leadership" in connection with the International Women's Day 2020, was jointly organized by the Startup Grind Lahore and FAST NUCES Lahore with the help of the Character Building Society and FAST Care. The seminar included female speakers with extraordinary credentials! who have stood the test of time and are, indeed, good role models for every woman who is struggling one way or another … We are here with an amazing one day trip to Kartarpur. We'll be providing snack boxes especially from Bundu Khan, we'll also have our brunch at an amazing place where we'll have a music Eve later. So don't miss this amazing chance or you'll keep worrying about what question went wrong in the mids. Just a little information guys, the desk would not be there on Monday and Tuesday due … Geek Week is NUCES ACM's annual flagship event. It's a place where geeks and techies from all over the country gather to impart and gain knowledge, and also to test themselves in a variety of ways such as programming competitions, gaming competitions like CS GO, Tekken 7, Chess and much more. Geek Week 2020 will also be host to numerous tech-oriented seminars which will no doubt be beneficial to all … FAST NUCES Lahore is ready to announce the UBL Tech Talent Hunt Program for its students. UBL aims to recruit Technology graduates with the right skill set, helping them achieve their highest potential. Mr. Nabeel A. Qadeer, Chair of UNCTAD-Commonwealth Entrepreneurship Project, Chairman & CEO, Commonwealth Youth Innovation Hub Pakistan will be speaking on Leadership and Entrepreneurship to give students a perspective on how to set the right direction for their careers. Mr. Nabeel A. Qadeer is a Pakistani entrepreneur, television anchor, content producer, and lecturer. His efforts to promote entrepreneurship and to catalyze the startup ecosystem took shape in Idea Croron Ka … A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well … Character Building Society had a poetry recitation (مشاعرہ) titled اچھی بات شاعری کے ساتھ)۔ We are thankful to all the portal who participated especially Ms. Rukhsar Fatima (Director Zauk, LUMS literary society) and Mr. Abdul Sattar from FAST-NUCES. This event was the result of the tireless efforts of the members of Character Building Society - FAST Lahore. FAST NUCES Lahore and Meezan Bank Ltd have organized an auspicious Seminar on Islamic Banking & Finance by Mufti Uzair Ashraf Usmani for you all. Mark your calendars! The seminar details are as follows. Date: February 12, 2020 (Wednesday) Time: 03:00 PM Venue: Old Auditorium Technosoft Solutions is a software development organization that is at the forefront of Healthcare Software Development and Integration Services. Every year, the Technosoft team employs and hunts down top talent in software development from all esteemed academic institutions. This year, on their hunt for bright and ambitious talent TechnoSoft will be organizing an on-campus Recruitment test. So, Gear up and don't miss out on this exciting opportunity. Graduating students are … On behalf of the VOICE debating society We welcome you all to yet another edition of the All Pakistan FAST Debating Championship was held at FAST-NU, Lahore on 7th February - 9th February. Mr. Monis Rahman, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at Rozee.pk has been invited to FAST NUCES Lahore for a guest speaker session. He will be sharing some insights on How to Search Job after Graduation. FAST Sports Gala is back with it's 17th sporting extravaganza of Companies. Sports include:  Cricket - 6 aside Tape Ball (Male)  Table Tennis (Team event: Male, Female)  Volleyball- 6 aside (Male)  Badminton (Team Event: Male, Female)  Futsal – 5 aside (Male)  Arm Wrestling (Male)  Chess (Male)  Foosball  Fifa 20  Tekken 7 *Certain sports events will be subject to the number … Here is a glimpse of E2L 2020 - MTO & GTE Recruitment Drive by Fatima Group. Thank you for such an amazing Recruitment Drive. Mr. Mujahid Pervaiz, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at LESCO has been invited to FAST NUCES Lahore by the Electrical Engineering Department for a guest speaker session. Mr. Mujahid Pervaiz will be sharing insights of LESCO with you all. CareForAll2019-20 is back with a bang this year! The purpose of this event is to engage you in inspiring talks by well-known personalities on important and neglected issues of societies. We are underscoring “Social Welfare” as a topic this year. We also have many exciting socials that will help you make the most out of your experience so be sure not to miss out on this great opportunity to contribute … FAST School of Management has invited Dr. Usman Sana, BDS FCPS (Operative dentistry) and Teacher, Coach, Systemist at CEO; US Life Coaching Company for a guest speaker session on Life purpose and its ethical implications in work/business. Sciences and Humanities Department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore hosted and organized the 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization (CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization will be held on January 24, 2020, at FAST National University Lahore Campus. The main theme of the conference focuses on regional integration and globalization as significant indicators in assessing the linguistic challenges we face today. The conference aims to provide a platform for researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original … FAST School of Management has arranged a Seminar on Challenges in Writing and Publishing High-Quality Research by Dr. Sabri Boubake (Professor of Finance at EM Normandie Business School). He is also a Research Fellow at the Institut de Recherche en Gestion (University of Paris Est). Dr. Sabri holds a Ph.D. in Finance from the University of Paris Est (2006, nominated for the IFA Best Thesis Award) and an HDR degree … SOFTEC is conducting an informative workshop and seminar. The details are given below: Cyber Security Seminar Date: 6th January 2020 Time: 12: 30 pm - 4: 30 pm Fee: None Content Covered in the Seminar: · Data importance and how it’s converted to money · Cybercrime techniques and preventive measures · Future directions in cybersecurity fields · Job openings and startup options in cybersecurity · Past, current, and future malware … FAST Alumni Homecoming 2020 is here to bring you back the cocktail of memories and emotions, just the way you left it at FAST! Alumni are invited for a reunion to celebrate, apprise and interact with old friends and make new ones. This homecoming would not only be a chance to meet up and network with your batch mates and instructors; but also an opportunity to see how the university … The WordPress community is organizing a one-day event on Sunday 1st December 2019 at FAST-NUCES Lahore. The participation fee is Rs.1000/- It is discounted for FAST students to Rs. 500/- which includes breakfast, lunch, dinner, a T-shirt, and a key-chain. If anyone is interested in avail of this discount, please apply online today. To buy the ticket simply visit the website https://bit.ly/2Op8ql6 and use the coupon fast_nu Students with a … FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to Gallup for a marketing course. The purpose of this visit was to provide them the exposure to the real-world and get them a better understanding of corporate management and analytics. Senior members from Gallup concluded the tour by briefing about the workflow and organization strategies as well. FAST School of Management invited Mr. Omair Bukhari, Head of IT Operations from Fatima Group for a guest speaker session. He shared some amazing E2L Program Insights with the audience. Empowering to Lead the Youth NUCES Media Group (NMG) - Literary Magazine FAST Stellar 2019 Click here to View And Download FAST School of Management organized an industrial visit to Metro Cash and Carry Pakistan for Fundamentals of Management course. The purpose of the visit was to help students understand corporate business processes in a real-time environment. The visit started off with a tour of the facility. Ms. Ruha Khawaja, the Floor Manager briefed students about the front end, back end functions, stock management, supply chain management, and business operations. The … ACCA held an Engagement Session with BS (A&F) graduating batch at FAST NUCESLahore campus. Ms. Sabahat Khan, Senior Manager Education-North, ACCA Pakistan, delivered a presentation on ACCA which was followed by a lively Q&A session. Therapy Talk on Social Anxiety was arranged by the Pukaar Community (Startup of our Alumni). Mrs.Raheela Tariq from the Humanities Department of FAST-NU Lahore; who is the Consultant Psychologist of Pukaar addressed the audience on this social stigma. FAST School of Management for the course of strategic management visited Honda Atlas as part of their industrial trip. The trip revolved around the production plant of Honda Atlas Cars located in Lahore. The main goal of the trip was to see how various strategies are integrated by Honda in its production lines to achieve operational excellence. The students also wanted to know what strategies Honda implemented to gain a … FAST-NUCES Lahore in collaboration with WWF has arranged this workshop on "Water, Climate, and Energy Status of Pakistan". The speakers are from WWF and sister organizations. There is no registration fee and participation certificates may be made available on request. FAST School of Management in Collaboration with SMEDA Presents to you, an interactive session by a renowned Corporate Executive, Mr. Tahir Mahmood Chaudhry. Currently, he is serving as the Director of Ovex Technologies, Chief Executive at Falcon Engineering, President of the Career Development Association, President And CEO of Pakistan Institute of Entrepreneurship, and has contributed to several other organizations as well. He holds vast knowledge in the fields of Corporate … First FAST Business Research Conference (FBRC) hosted by the FAST School of Management, National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore-Campus Students of FAST School of Management, for the course of Strategic Management, visited Tetra Pak, in Sundar Industrial Estate, Lahore. The purpose of this visit was to take the students out of the classrooms and give them an insight into the practical world and understanding of real-world business practices. Welcome 2019 Ms. Haleema Tariq Ameen (Marketing Manager Reem Rice mills (Pvt.)) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on Management Practices for Organizational Effectiveness. We thank her for making herself available for this wonderful informative session. FAST Care, in collaboration with Shaukat Khanum, has Blood Donation Drive on campus on 31st October 2019. Donate your blood and make a difference. Mr. Khawaja Hammad Haider (Head of Marketing Pakwheels.com) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on E-Commerce And data utilization in marketing. Mr. Essa Jan Allawala, CEO of Training Impact Pvt. Ltd was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on "What's missing in Recruitment?" We admire him for making himself available for this wonderful informative session. FAST School of Management had successfully held a seminar on ‘Strategic Management: How Business Students Can Create Winning Marketing Strategies’. The keynote was conveyed by Mr. Ammar Mursalin, the incumbent Marketing Manager at Tetra Pak. Mr. Mursalin was a credible speaker on the aforementioned theme, as he has built an inspiring career in the field of marketing. Being an MBA alumnus from IBA, he has more than 12 years of … This talk is an opportunity for all the students of FAST-NU to come and reap benefits out from one of the top business executives and corporate thought influences on Pakistan. These keynotes are extremely beneficial for FAST students as they provide a platform through which students can engage with the corporate world and use what they've learned to mold their own futures and kick start their own careers. We highly … Talent Hunt - Theme of the year KASHMIR Dramaf held its very first Talent Hunt on 23rd October. Dramaf team joined with Fast Music Society held a mini-concert. Both of the societies gave their tribute to Kashmir and showed their solidarity with the people of Kashmir. They proved that the youth of Pakistan didn’t forget about people of Kashmir and are standing with them. Talent Hunt attracted a lot of brilliant and jaw-dropping talent. The audience was left … Quarterly Debate - Kashmir FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to HRSG. FAST School of Management in collaboration with Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) arranged an educational trip to the Regional Stock Exchange on Wednesday, 16th October. Students from BSAF (Section A and B) participated with full zeal and zest. There were two keynote speakers at the Pakistan Stock Exchange: Mr. Sarmad Hussain, PSX Regional Head, Lahore Exchange, and Mr. Awais Ali, Deputy Director (Securities Market Division) SECP, who briefed the students about … Team Alpha of Strategic Management course at FAST School of Management organized an interactive seminar, revolving around Operational Excellence and Lean Management. With an audience of around 150+ students, it was a brilliant learning experience and a glimpse into strategic management in the corporate world. Our esteemed guest speaker, Dr. Sohail Nadeem, Six Sigma and Lean Leader from Nestlé's Operations Management, astounded the audience with outstanding knowledge of lean principles … FAST Sports Society brings Intra-FAST Futsal Tournament 2019 The session was delivered by Osama Naseem, SEO manager at Ascertia. The speaker discussed the importance of digital marketing, Search Engine Optimization (SEO) as well as the impact of digital marketing and the expertise needed for the changing times. Events of Societies (Spring 2019) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. FAST sports society brings you Intra-university Arm Wrestling trials for Men and Women The session was delivered by our Chairperson Muhammad Gulzaib who gave an in-depth review of the book “Start-Up Insider by Kevin Ready” was the first among book review sessions introduced by the society. The purpose of the session was to emphasize the benefits of book reading as well as build a book club community inside the university. Events of Societies (Fall 2018) at FAST NUCES Lahore Campus. FAST School of Management invited Mr. Farooq A. Randhawa Additional Director (HR & Admin) at Punjab Healthcare Commission (PHC) for a guest speaker session on HR Analytics. Career Counseling Society brings you an exciting opportunity to meet and interact with our very talented alumnus, AZAZ AHMAD GHUMMAN. This session has been arranged for aspiring students who wish to join the industry after completing their studies. Do you think there is a gap between your knowledge and the market demand? If you don’t know the answer, or if you think there is, be sure to join this session … Mr. Atif Tufail (Chief HR Officer) from Akhuwat was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on workforce planning & its alignment with business strategy. Industrial visit to Nextbridge The session was delivered by Waleed Shahid. Our guest speaker provided valuable guidance on successfully scoring an admission in your desired foreign university. Moreover, he discussed how to perfect your personal statement, make an eye- catching resume, the kind of recommendations to have and much more. The Defence Day was commemorated with full fervour by Idyllic Youth FAST - NUCES at FAST NUCES Lahore, to remember the sacrifices made by our ancestors, and how the history was made on 6th September. Honorable guests included Mir Muhammad Ali khan, who has worked as an investment banker in wall street and delivered many keynotes speeches. The second guest was honorable Dr. Rafiq Ahmed, who had played an instrumental … FAST NUCES Lahore observed Day of Solidarity with people of Occupied Kashmir on 30th August 2019 from 12:00 PM to 12:30 PM as per directives of Government of Pakistan. All the students, faculty members, and admin staff were assembled outside Syed Refaqat Auditorium at 12:00 PM carrying both Pakistani and Kashmiri flags. National anthems of Pakistan and Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK) played in a show of solidarity with the … Character Building Society (CBS) FAST NUCES Lahore organized a seminar on "Anti-Corruption Awareness and Role of NAB in Eradication of Corruption". Honorable Director & Deputy Director of NAB Lahore gave a talk to create awareness among the students for how to eliminate corruption from our society through anti-corruption measures. FAST NUCES Lahore Organized Tree Plantation Activity on its campus on 20th August 2019 under the supervision of Dr. Hamid Hassan (Director Campus) and Dr. Amjad Hussain. Senior faculty members and students participated, in the activity of making Pakistan Green by planting 15 Lemon trees and 2 Olive trees around the campus. The purpose of this activity was to create awareness and a sense of responsibility towards the betterment of … FAST NUCES Lahore and Department of Computer Science conducted Orientation for BS(CS) Batch 2019. Dr. Ali Afzal Malik along with all senior faculty members of the CS Department were also present in the orientation. Our 59th convocation was held on 8th August 2019. The honorable rector of FAST University Dr. Muhammad Ayub Alvi was the chief guest at the event. The convocation event was divided into 4 sessions. 1st was started at 9:0 A.M. in which all postgraduates and PhD students were invited. Approximately 140 graduates received their degrees on that day. The toppers of all disciplines also got their medals in this session. … Admission Tests for Fall 2019 were conducted at FAST NUCES Lahore campus. The tests were scheduled for multiple days catering to large numbers of students seeking admission at FAST NUCES for various Bachelors and Masters Programs. SOFTEC, Software Exhibition and Competition, is an annual event held at the National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences Lahore, Pakistan. The event contributes towards the advancement of technology and research in Pakistan’s IT industry. The event provides a platform recognizing talent, a forum for the exchange of ideas and an opportunity for students with a passion for IT to interact with professionals from all over the globe. The event … As a part of their course deliverable, team Shajar-e-Umeed has yet again set the benchmark very high by hosting a seasoned entrepreneur, venture capitalist, and leading expert, Mr. Monis Rahman. Being a CEO of Pakistan’s top employment website Rozee.pk and a party to other great ventures such as FINGA and Easy Ticketing, he enlightened the young entrepreneurs of FAST-NU Lahore with latest economic trends in Pakistan that are creating opportunities … The Graduating batch, Team Shajar-e- Umeed organized another great session at FSM with the help of SMEDA, a seminar on "Entrepreneurship as a Viable Career Option" as part of their social entrepreneurship project and course deliverable. It was another learning experience on how to practically implement new ideas and to do actionable interventions in today’s business environment. Areas covered in this discussion were: • Understanding the importance and concepts of … Entrepreneurs of Shajar-e-Umeed at FSM visited Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) to attend a seminar on “How to Be Successful Entrepreneurs” as part of the course deliverable for Entrepreneurship. LCCI aims to be the finest organization to serve the business community and to conduct its practices in the best possible professional manner. It acts as a bridge between the business community and regulatory bodies for policy advocacy. LCCI … Job Fair 2019 was organized by career counseling society of FAST-NU Lahore on 20th February 2019. With over 130 companies, this year’s Job Fair was one of the biggest ones that anyone has ever witnessed here at FAST. The companies that attended, belonged to diverse domains. Students from all five disciplines attended and gained benefits from it. The event offered them a chance to interact with representatives of companies. They … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
FAST School of Management shall contribute to the development of morally responsible, socially cohesive and academically vibrant society in Pakistan by harnessing the potential of education in Management Sciences FAST School of Management aspires to discover and impart culturally and globally relevant knowledge in Management Sciences that grooms business graduates cast in a formidable ethical mold On behalf of the FAST school of Management’s faculty and staff, I welcome you to our school.  FSM, founded in 2004, is a flagship school of the FAST National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences offering business degrees. FSM provides business education choices to students from all backgrounds. The school offers three undergraduate (BS Business Analytics, BBA & BS-AF) and four graduate programs (MS Business Analytics, MBA, MS-AF & Ph.D.). Our programs are tailored at preparing students with business-relevant skills and expertise required of them in the practical field. Our BS-AF program has maximum exemptions from the globally recognized accounting body of ACCA UK. In our degree programs, we offer a range of contemporary elective courses like SAP S/4 HANA, Business Analytics, Marketing Analytics, etc. aimed at providing students with the necessary up-to-date knowledge. The Final Year Projects at the undergraduate and the graduate level prepare students to practically initiate their business idea or present their research in leading journals. 
FSM takes pride in its faculty mix which has a strong record of excellence in academic and professional fields. Most of our faculty members have international work experience which serves as a reliable tool in training students. The research output of the faculty is consistently improving and the FAST Business Research Conference is becoming an annual event activity. FSM’s current students have represented the school and won at different inter-university competitions. Our recent graduates have gone on to work for organizations like Microsoft, Nestle, MCB, Unilever. I welcome you to explore our website and apply for our undergraduate and graduate programs. Join us in celebrating yet another achievement by our alumnus. This time we feel proud to share with you the news of Ms. Mishail Khawaja who recently graduated from FAST School of Management’s BS Accounting & Finance Program with Summa Cum Laude. She is among the very few who have graduated with 4 CGPA on a scale of 4 in over 16 years of School’s History. Ms. Mishail Khawaja has … The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals Summit was held at LUMS on 15th and 16th February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in multiple accounting and finance academic events. FSM students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving first position in two individual events. Students from FAST School of Management, Team Alpha and Bravo of Shajar-e-Umeed for the course of Entrepreneurship, activated its social cause intervention and decided to use funds generated from its various activities to distribute ration bags with items of everyday use to deserving families, which are hit hard in this coronavirus pandemic. The main objective of the intervention is to help them get through this difficult time. Team Shajar e Umeed firmly … A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hamid.hassan@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor akbar.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave amna.farrukh@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mujahid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor fatima.omer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor komal.kamran@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mian.atif @nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor munazza.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saif.maqbool@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave umer.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zia.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor allauddin@gmail.com Assistant Professor shakeel.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.safdar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer beenish.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.qaisar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fatima.habib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ghulam.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer iman.ilyas@nu.edu.pk Lecturer irma.tariq@nu.edu.pk Lecturer khadija.aslam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mobeen.ajmal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer noor.zahid@nu.edu.pk Adjunct Lecturer salmaan.rahman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sidra.salman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sundas.munir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zunaira.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Instructor alishba.nisar@nu.edu.pk Instructor attiqa.sohail@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.zeb@nu.edu.pk Instructor sadia.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.jaffery@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer aiza.aftab@nu.edu.pk Faculty (Adjunct) saleena@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hamid.hassan@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor akbar.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave amna.farrukh@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mujahid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor fatima.omer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor komal.kamran@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mian.atif @nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor munazza.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saif.maqbool@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave umer.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zia.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor allauddin@gmail.com Assistant Professor shakeel.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.safdar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer beenish.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.qaisar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fatima.habib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ghulam.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer iman.ilyas@nu.edu.pk Lecturer irma.tariq@nu.edu.pk Lecturer khadija.aslam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mobeen.ajmal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer noor.zahid@nu.edu.pk Adjunct Lecturer salmaan.rahman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sidra.salman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sundas.munir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zunaira.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Instructor alishba.nisar@nu.edu.pk Instructor attiqa.sohail@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.zeb@nu.edu.pk Instructor sadia.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.jaffery@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer aiza.aftab@nu.edu.pk Faculty (Adjunct) saleena@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Business Analytics is the conversion of data into business insights that facilitates the decision-making process in an organization.Harnessing the power of mathematical models, Business Analytics uses advanced tools and technologies to help each organization make the most of its data. The methods and models of analytics draw from disciplines including Computer Sciences, Operations Research, Statistics, Business Management, and others. BS (Business Analytics) program at FAST School of Management is a blend of three key elements i.e. Computer Sciences, Business Management, and Statistics. The program is aimed to provide the desired analytical skills to the students with strong critical thinking abilities who are wishing to harness the power of data to solve business issues. The program's emphasis is on the development of all-rounded communications and soft skills, critical and analytical reasoning skills, and decision-making skills with strong programming and data-handling skills. This program will offer students unique skills to analyze, synthesize, and visually present data, related to all fields of management i.e. Marketing, Management, and Finance. We aim that graduates of the program are equipped with the in-demand skills and knowledge required for success in their professional careers. This program is designed to give substantial hands-on computing skills, applied data analysis techniques, data visualization skills to solve business problems. Learning Outcomes of the Program The graduates of the program shall acquire: LO1: Business Knowledge:Get a deeper understanding of business concepts. They will have basic knowledge of all functions of business management including Marketing, Finance, Accounting, and General Management. Further knowledge related to these fields shall be provided to students based on their chosen area of specialization. LO2: Quantitative Modelling:Get the knowledge of various statistical tools and models and learn about their usability in various business situations. LO3: Technological Skills:Students shall be able to use the latest software used in the field of business analytics including SPSS, STATA, R and Python LO4: Critical Thinking and Problems Solving Skills:Be able to critically evaluate the business problems and identify the relevant data for a deeper analysis providing them an in-depth understanding about the complexity of problems and solve the problems using the analysis results inline with management protocols. LO5: Alternative Perspective:Be able to evaluate the multiple perspectives of business situations and consider alternative perspectives and solutions of business problems. LO5: Data-Driven Decision Making:Be able to use the results of the analysis for the decision-making process and identify the possible biases in the analysis while making decisions LO6: Communication Skills:Learn about effective communication and be able to communicate technical information to both technical and non-technical audiences in speech, in writing, and graphically. LO7: Ethics and Social Responsibility:Be aware of the ethical and legal issues in data gathering, analysis and make ethically and culturally informed decisions in structured or unstructured and ambiguous situations while keeping in view their social responsibilities. For the award of a BS BA degree, a student must have:   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Business Analytics is the conversion of data into business insights that facilitates the decision-making process in an organization.Harnessing the power of mathematical models, Business Analytics uses advanced tools and technologies to help each organization make the most of its data. The methods and models of analytics draw from disciplines including Computer Sciences, Operations Research, Statistics, Business Management, and others. BS (Business Analytics) program at FAST School of Management is a blend of three key elements i.e. Computer Sciences, Business Management, and Statistics. The program is aimed to provide the desired analytical skills to the students with strong critical thinking abilities who are wishing to harness the power of data to solve business issues. The program's emphasis is on the development of all-rounded communications and soft skills, critical and analytical reasoning skills, and decision-making skills with strong programming and data-handling skills. This program will offer students unique skills to analyze, synthesize, and visually present data, related to all fields of management i.e. Marketing, Management, and Finance. We aim that graduates of the program are equipped with the in-demand skills and knowledge required for success in their professional careers. This program is designed to give substantial hands-on computing skills, applied data analysis techniques, data visualization skills to solve business problems. Learning Outcomes of the Program The graduates of the program shall acquire: LO1: Business Knowledge:Get a deeper understanding of business concepts. They will have basic knowledge of all functions of business management including Marketing, Finance, Accounting, and General Management. Further knowledge related to these fields shall be provided to students based on their chosen area of specialization. LO2: Quantitative Modelling:Get the knowledge of various statistical tools and models and learn about their usability in various business situations. LO3: Technological Skills:Students shall be able to use the latest software used in the field of business analytics including SPSS, STATA, R and Python LO4: Critical Thinking and Problems Solving Skills:Be able to critically evaluate the business problems and identify the relevant data for a deeper analysis providing them an in-depth understanding about the complexity of problems and solve the problems using the analysis results inline with management protocols. LO5: Alternative Perspective:Be able to evaluate the multiple perspectives of business situations and consider alternative perspectives and solutions of business problems. LO5: Data-Driven Decision Making:Be able to use the results of the analysis for the decision-making process and identify the possible biases in the analysis while making decisions LO6: Communication Skills:Learn about effective communication and be able to communicate technical information to both technical and non-technical audiences in speech, in writing, and graphically. LO7: Ethics and Social Responsibility:Be aware of the ethical and legal issues in data gathering, analysis and make ethically and culturally informed decisions in structured or unstructured and ambiguous situations while keeping in view their social responsibilities. For the award of a BS BA degree, a student must have:   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
April 27, 2020  Students from FAST School of Management, Team Alpha and Bravo ofShajar-e-Umeedfor the course of Entrepreneurship, activated its social cause intervention and decided to use funds generated from its various activities to distribute ration bags with items of everyday use to deserving families, which are hit hard in this coronavirus pandemic. The main objective of the intervention is to help them get through this difficult time. Team Shajar e Umeed firmly believes in doing ourpart to help anyone in our society, who are being affected the most in this crisis.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
April 27, 2020  Students from FAST School of Management, Team Alpha and Bravo ofShajar-e-Umeedfor the course of Entrepreneurship, activated its social cause intervention and decided to use funds generated from its various activities to distribute ration bags with items of everyday use to deserving families, which are hit hard in this coronavirus pandemic. The main objective of the intervention is to help them get through this difficult time. Team Shajar e Umeed firmly believes in doing ourpart to help anyone in our society, who are being affected the most in this crisis.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
None   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
None   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Join us in celebrating yet another achievement by our alumnus. This time we feel proud to share with you the news of Ms. Mishail Khawaja who recently graduated from FAST School of Management’s BS Accounting & Finance Program with Summa Cum Laude. She is among the very few who have graduated with 4 CGPA on a scale of 4 in over 16 years of School’s History. Ms. Mishail Khawaja has … The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals Summit was held at LUMS on 15th and 16th February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in multiple accounting and finance academic events. FSM students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving first position in two individual events. Kinnaird College had hosted their annual and most prestigious business competition called Kinnaird Business Week 2019, hosted by the Kinnaird Entrepreneurial Club. There were four categories, for which FAST School of Management (Lahore) had sent four teams of the most talented and brilliant students of the university. The teams had virtually dominated the whole competition, as they became victorious in each category, by achieving the first position, and beating all … Students from FAST School of Management, Team Alpha and Bravo of Shajar-e-Umeed for the course of Entrepreneurship, activated its social cause intervention and decided to use funds generated from its various activities to distribute ration bags with items of everyday use to deserving families, which are hit hard in this coronavirus pandemic. The main objective of the intervention is to help them get through this difficult time. Team Shajar e Umeed firmly … A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well … E2L 2020 - MTO & GTE Recruitment Drive by Fatima Group. Thank you for such an amazing Recruitment Drive. FAST School of Management invited Dr. Sabri Boubaker (Professor of Finance at EM Normandie Business School) for Research Seminar on Challenges in Writing and Publishing High-Quality Research at FAST NUCES Lahore. He shared his versatile experience with our young fellow students. We appreciate his efforts in being available for such an insightful talk. FSM arranged an inter-departmental badminton tournament for its students in January 2020. The tournament was arranged to foster sporting activities amongst students. The students vehemently participated in the tournament. Continuing with its tradition of extra-curricular activities, FSM arranged a movie evening for its students. FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to Gallup for a marketing course. The purpose of this visit was to provide them the exposure to the real-world and get them a better understanding of corporate management and analytics. Senior members from Gallup concluded the tour by briefing about the workflow and organization strategies as well. ACCA held an Engagement Session with BS (A&F) graduating batch at FAST NUCESLahore campus. Ms. Sabahat Khan, Senior Manager Education-North, ACCA Pakistan, delivered a presentation on ACCA which was followed by a lively Q&A session. FAST School of Management organized an industrial visit to Metro Cash and Carry Pakistan for Fundamentals of Management course. The purpose of the visit was to help students understand corporate business processes in a real-time environment. The visit started off with a tour of the facility. Ms. Ruha Khawaja, the Floor Manager briefed students about the front end, back end functions, stock management, supply chain management, and business operations. The … FAST School of Management for the course of strategic management visited Honda Atlas as part of their industrial trip. The trip revolved around the production plant of Honda Atlas Cars located in Lahore. The main goal of the trip was to see how various strategies are integrated by Honda in its production lines to achieve operational excellence. The students also wanted to know what strategies Honda implemented to gain a … First FAST Business Research Conference (FBRC) hosted by the FAST School of Management, National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore-Campus Students of FAST School of Management, for the course of Strategic Management, visited Tetra Pak, in Sundar Industrial Estate, Lahore. The purpose of this visit was to take the students out of the classrooms and give them an insight into the practical world and understanding of real-world business practices. Ms. Haleema Tariq Ameen (Marketing Manager Reem Rice mills (Pvt.)) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on Management Practices for Organizational Effectiveness. We thank her for making herself available for this wonderful informative session. Mr. Khawaja Hammad Haider (Head of Marketing Pakwheels.com) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on E-Commerce And data utilizationin marketing. FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to HRSG. Senior Manager HR Mr. Mudassar Iqbal from Abacus Consulting was invited for a guest speaker session on digitization & its effect on HR AND How to overcome HR challenges FAST School of Management in collaboration with Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) arranged an educational trip to the Regional Stock Exchange on Wednesday, 16th October. Students from BSAF (Section A and B) participated with full zeal and zest. There were two keynote speakers at the Pakistan Stock Exchange: Mr. Sarmad Hussain, PSX Regional Head, Lahore Exchange, and Mr. Awais Ali, Deputy Director (Securities Market Division) SECP, who briefed the students about … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Join us in celebrating yet another achievement by our alumnus. This time we feel proud to share with you the news of Ms. Mishail Khawaja who recently graduated from FAST School of Management’s BS Accounting & Finance Program with Summa Cum Laude. She is among the very few who have graduated with 4 CGPA on a scale of 4 in over 16 years of School’s History. Ms. Mishail Khawaja has … The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals Summit was held at LUMS on 15th and 16th February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in multiple accounting and finance academic events. FSM students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving first position in two individual events. Kinnaird College had hosted their annual and most prestigious business competition called Kinnaird Business Week 2019, hosted by the Kinnaird Entrepreneurial Club. There were four categories, for which FAST School of Management (Lahore) had sent four teams of the most talented and brilliant students of the university. The teams had virtually dominated the whole competition, as they became victorious in each category, by achieving the first position, and beating all … Students from FAST School of Management, Team Alpha and Bravo of Shajar-e-Umeed for the course of Entrepreneurship, activated its social cause intervention and decided to use funds generated from its various activities to distribute ration bags with items of everyday use to deserving families, which are hit hard in this coronavirus pandemic. The main objective of the intervention is to help them get through this difficult time. Team Shajar e Umeed firmly … A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well … E2L 2020 - MTO & GTE Recruitment Drive by Fatima Group. Thank you for such an amazing Recruitment Drive. FAST School of Management invited Dr. Sabri Boubaker (Professor of Finance at EM Normandie Business School) for Research Seminar on Challenges in Writing and Publishing High-Quality Research at FAST NUCES Lahore. He shared his versatile experience with our young fellow students. We appreciate his efforts in being available for such an insightful talk. FSM arranged an inter-departmental badminton tournament for its students in January 2020. The tournament was arranged to foster sporting activities amongst students. The students vehemently participated in the tournament. Continuing with its tradition of extra-curricular activities, FSM arranged a movie evening for its students. FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to Gallup for a marketing course. The purpose of this visit was to provide them the exposure to the real-world and get them a better understanding of corporate management and analytics. Senior members from Gallup concluded the tour by briefing about the workflow and organization strategies as well. ACCA held an Engagement Session with BS (A&F) graduating batch at FAST NUCESLahore campus. Ms. Sabahat Khan, Senior Manager Education-North, ACCA Pakistan, delivered a presentation on ACCA which was followed by a lively Q&A session. FAST School of Management organized an industrial visit to Metro Cash and Carry Pakistan for Fundamentals of Management course. The purpose of the visit was to help students understand corporate business processes in a real-time environment. The visit started off with a tour of the facility. Ms. Ruha Khawaja, the Floor Manager briefed students about the front end, back end functions, stock management, supply chain management, and business operations. The … FAST School of Management for the course of strategic management visited Honda Atlas as part of their industrial trip. The trip revolved around the production plant of Honda Atlas Cars located in Lahore. The main goal of the trip was to see how various strategies are integrated by Honda in its production lines to achieve operational excellence. The students also wanted to know what strategies Honda implemented to gain a … First FAST Business Research Conference (FBRC) hosted by the FAST School of Management, National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore-Campus Students of FAST School of Management, for the course of Strategic Management, visited Tetra Pak, in Sundar Industrial Estate, Lahore. The purpose of this visit was to take the students out of the classrooms and give them an insight into the practical world and understanding of real-world business practices. Ms. Haleema Tariq Ameen (Marketing Manager Reem Rice mills (Pvt.)) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on Management Practices for Organizational Effectiveness. We thank her for making herself available for this wonderful informative session. Mr. Khawaja Hammad Haider (Head of Marketing Pakwheels.com) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on E-Commerce And data utilizationin marketing. FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to HRSG. Senior Manager HR Mr. Mudassar Iqbal from Abacus Consulting was invited for a guest speaker session on digitization & its effect on HR AND How to overcome HR challenges FAST School of Management in collaboration with Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) arranged an educational trip to the Regional Stock Exchange on Wednesday, 16th October. Students from BSAF (Section A and B) participated with full zeal and zest. There were two keynote speakers at the Pakistan Stock Exchange: Mr. Sarmad Hussain, PSX Regional Head, Lahore Exchange, and Mr. Awais Ali, Deputy Director (Securities Market Division) SECP, who briefed the students about … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Join us in celebrating yet another achievement by our alumnus. This time we feel proud to share with you the news of Ms. Mishail Khawaja who recently graduated from FAST School of Management’s BS Accounting & Finance Program with Summa Cum Laude. She is among the very few who have graduated with 4 CGPA on a scale of 4 in over 16 years of School’s History. Ms. Mishail Khawaja has … The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals Summit was held at LUMS on 15th and 16th February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in multiple accounting and finance academic events. FSM students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving first position in two individual events. Kinnaird College had hosted their annual and most prestigious business competition called Kinnaird Business Week 2019, hosted by the Kinnaird Entrepreneurial Club. There were four categories, for which FAST School of Management (Lahore) had sent four teams of the most talented and brilliant students of the university. The teams had virtually dominated the whole competition, as they became victorious in each category, by achieving the first position, and beating all … Students from FAST School of Management, Team Alpha and Bravo of Shajar-e-Umeed for the course of Entrepreneurship, activated its social cause intervention and decided to use funds generated from its various activities to distribute ration bags with items of everyday use to deserving families, which are hit hard in this coronavirus pandemic. The main objective of the intervention is to help them get through this difficult time. Team Shajar e Umeed firmly … A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well … E2L 2020 - MTO & GTE Recruitment Drive by Fatima Group. Thank you for such an amazing Recruitment Drive. FAST School of Management invited Dr. Sabri Boubaker (Professor of Finance at EM Normandie Business School) for Research Seminar on Challenges in Writing and Publishing High-Quality Research at FAST NUCES Lahore. He shared his versatile experience with our young fellow students. We appreciate his efforts in being available for such an insightful talk. FSM arranged an inter-departmental badminton tournament for its students in January 2020. The tournament was arranged to foster sporting activities amongst students. The students vehemently participated in the tournament. Continuing with its tradition of extra-curricular activities, FSM arranged a movie evening for its students. FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to Gallup for a marketing course. The purpose of this visit was to provide them the exposure to the real-world and get them a better understanding of corporate management and analytics. Senior members from Gallup concluded the tour by briefing about the workflow and organization strategies as well. ACCA held an Engagement Session with BS (A&F) graduating batch at FAST NUCESLahore campus. Ms. Sabahat Khan, Senior Manager Education-North, ACCA Pakistan, delivered a presentation on ACCA which was followed by a lively Q&A session. FAST School of Management organized an industrial visit to Metro Cash and Carry Pakistan for Fundamentals of Management course. The purpose of the visit was to help students understand corporate business processes in a real-time environment. The visit started off with a tour of the facility. Ms. Ruha Khawaja, the Floor Manager briefed students about the front end, back end functions, stock management, supply chain management, and business operations. The … FAST School of Management for the course of strategic management visited Honda Atlas as part of their industrial trip. The trip revolved around the production plant of Honda Atlas Cars located in Lahore. The main goal of the trip was to see how various strategies are integrated by Honda in its production lines to achieve operational excellence. The students also wanted to know what strategies Honda implemented to gain a … First FAST Business Research Conference (FBRC) hosted by the FAST School of Management, National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore-Campus Students of FAST School of Management, for the course of Strategic Management, visited Tetra Pak, in Sundar Industrial Estate, Lahore. The purpose of this visit was to take the students out of the classrooms and give them an insight into the practical world and understanding of real-world business practices. Ms. Haleema Tariq Ameen (Marketing Manager Reem Rice mills (Pvt.)) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on Management Practices for Organizational Effectiveness. We thank her for making herself available for this wonderful informative session. Mr. Khawaja Hammad Haider (Head of Marketing Pakwheels.com) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on E-Commerce And data utilizationin marketing. FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to HRSG. Senior Manager HR Mr. Mudassar Iqbal from Abacus Consulting was invited for a guest speaker session on digitization & its effect on HR AND How to overcome HR challenges FAST School of Management in collaboration with Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) arranged an educational trip to the Regional Stock Exchange on Wednesday, 16th October. Students from BSAF (Section A and B) participated with full zeal and zest. There were two keynote speakers at the Pakistan Stock Exchange: Mr. Sarmad Hussain, PSX Regional Head, Lahore Exchange, and Mr. Awais Ali, Deputy Director (Securities Market Division) SECP, who briefed the students about … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Join us in celebrating yet another achievement by our alumnus. This time we feel proud to share with you the news of Ms. Mishail Khawaja who recently graduated from FAST School of Management’s BS Accounting & Finance Program with Summa Cum Laude. She is among the very few who have graduated with 4 CGPA on a scale of 4 in over 16 years of School’s History. Ms. Mishail Khawaja has … The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals Summit was held at LUMS on 15th and 16th February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in multiple accounting and finance academic events. FSM students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving first position in two individual events. Kinnaird College had hosted their annual and most prestigious business competition called Kinnaird Business Week 2019, hosted by the Kinnaird Entrepreneurial Club. There were four categories, for which FAST School of Management (Lahore) had sent four teams of the most talented and brilliant students of the university. The teams had virtually dominated the whole competition, as they became victorious in each category, by achieving the first position, and beating all … Students from FAST School of Management, Team Alpha and Bravo of Shajar-e-Umeed for the course of Entrepreneurship, activated its social cause intervention and decided to use funds generated from its various activities to distribute ration bags with items of everyday use to deserving families, which are hit hard in this coronavirus pandemic. The main objective of the intervention is to help them get through this difficult time. Team Shajar e Umeed firmly … A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well … E2L 2020 - MTO & GTE Recruitment Drive by Fatima Group. Thank you for such an amazing Recruitment Drive. FAST School of Management invited Dr. Sabri Boubaker (Professor of Finance at EM Normandie Business School) for Research Seminar on Challenges in Writing and Publishing High-Quality Research at FAST NUCES Lahore. He shared his versatile experience with our young fellow students. We appreciate his efforts in being available for such an insightful talk. FSM arranged an inter-departmental badminton tournament for its students in January 2020. The tournament was arranged to foster sporting activities amongst students. The students vehemently participated in the tournament. Continuing with its tradition of extra-curricular activities, FSM arranged a movie evening for its students. FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to Gallup for a marketing course. The purpose of this visit was to provide them the exposure to the real-world and get them a better understanding of corporate management and analytics. Senior members from Gallup concluded the tour by briefing about the workflow and organization strategies as well. ACCA held an Engagement Session with BS (A&F) graduating batch at FAST NUCESLahore campus. Ms. Sabahat Khan, Senior Manager Education-North, ACCA Pakistan, delivered a presentation on ACCA which was followed by a lively Q&A session. FAST School of Management organized an industrial visit to Metro Cash and Carry Pakistan for Fundamentals of Management course. The purpose of the visit was to help students understand corporate business processes in a real-time environment. The visit started off with a tour of the facility. Ms. Ruha Khawaja, the Floor Manager briefed students about the front end, back end functions, stock management, supply chain management, and business operations. The … FAST School of Management for the course of strategic management visited Honda Atlas as part of their industrial trip. The trip revolved around the production plant of Honda Atlas Cars located in Lahore. The main goal of the trip was to see how various strategies are integrated by Honda in its production lines to achieve operational excellence. The students also wanted to know what strategies Honda implemented to gain a … First FAST Business Research Conference (FBRC) hosted by the FAST School of Management, National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore-Campus Students of FAST School of Management, for the course of Strategic Management, visited Tetra Pak, in Sundar Industrial Estate, Lahore. The purpose of this visit was to take the students out of the classrooms and give them an insight into the practical world and understanding of real-world business practices. Ms. Haleema Tariq Ameen (Marketing Manager Reem Rice mills (Pvt.)) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on Management Practices for Organizational Effectiveness. We thank her for making herself available for this wonderful informative session. Mr. Khawaja Hammad Haider (Head of Marketing Pakwheels.com) was invited by FAST School of Management for a guest speaker session on E-Commerce And data utilizationin marketing. FAST School of Management arranged an Industrial Visit to HRSG. Senior Manager HR Mr. Mudassar Iqbal from Abacus Consulting was invited for a guest speaker session on digitization & its effect on HR AND How to overcome HR challenges FAST School of Management in collaboration with Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) arranged an educational trip to the Regional Stock Exchange on Wednesday, 16th October. Students from BSAF (Section A and B) participated with full zeal and zest. There were two keynote speakers at the Pakistan Stock Exchange: Mr. Sarmad Hussain, PSX Regional Head, Lahore Exchange, and Mr. Awais Ali, Deputy Director (Securities Market Division) SECP, who briefed the students about … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Feb. 15, 2020  The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals Summit was held at LUMS on 15th and 16th February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in multiple accounting and finance academic events. FSM students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving first position in two individual events.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Feb. 15, 2020  The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals Summit was held at LUMS on 15th and 16th February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in multiple accounting and finance academic events. FSM students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving first position in two individual events.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Feb. 19, 2020 A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well received and much appreciated. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Feb. 19, 2020 A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well received and much appreciated. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
FAST School of Management shall contribute to the development of morally responsible, socially cohesive and academically vibrant society in Pakistan by harnessing the potential of education in Management Sciences FAST School of Management aspires to discover and impart culturally and globally relevant knowledge in Management Sciences that grooms business graduates cast in a formidable ethical mold On behalf of the FAST school of Management’s faculty and staff, I welcome you to our school.  FSM, founded in 2004, is a flagship school of the FAST National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences offering business degrees. FSM provides business education choices to students from all backgrounds. The school offers three undergraduate (BS Business Analytics, BBA & BS-AF) and four graduate programs (MS Business Analytics, MBA, MS-AF & Ph.D.). Our programs are tailored at preparing students with business-relevant skills and expertise required of them in the practical field. Our BS-AF program has maximum exemptions from the globally recognized accounting body of ACCA UK. In our degree programs, we offer a range of contemporary elective courses like SAP S/4 HANA, Business Analytics, Marketing Analytics, etc. aimed at providing students with the necessary up-to-date knowledge. The Final Year Projects at the undergraduate and the graduate level prepare students to practically initiate their business idea or present their research in leading journals. 
FSM takes pride in its faculty mix which has a strong record of excellence in academic and professional fields. Most of our faculty members have international work experience which serves as a reliable tool in training students. The research output of the faculty is consistently improving and the FAST Business Research Conference is becoming an annual event activity. FSM’s current students have represented the school and won at different inter-university competitions. Our recent graduates have gone on to work for organizations like Microsoft, Nestle, MCB, Unilever. I welcome you to explore our website and apply for our undergraduate and graduate programs. Join us in celebrating yet another achievement by our alumnus. This time we feel proud to share with you the news of Ms. Mishail Khawaja who recently graduated from FAST School of Management’s BS Accounting & Finance Program with Summa Cum Laude. She is among the very few who have graduated with 4 CGPA on a scale of 4 in over 16 years of School’s History. Ms. Mishail Khawaja has … The 3rd edition of the Aspiring Professionals Summit was held at LUMS on 15th and 16th February. Teams from all over Pakistan participated in multiple accounting and finance academic events. FSM students bagged overall first position in the event in addition to achieving first position in two individual events. Students from FAST School of Management, Team Alpha and Bravo of Shajar-e-Umeed for the course of Entrepreneurship, activated its social cause intervention and decided to use funds generated from its various activities to distribute ration bags with items of everyday use to deserving families, which are hit hard in this coronavirus pandemic. The main objective of the intervention is to help them get through this difficult time. Team Shajar e Umeed firmly … A delegation from Ulster University Business School, U.K., comprising Professor Jackie McCoy, Associate Dean for Global Engagement and Ronnie Patton, Senior Lecturer and ACCA Council Member, visited the Lahore campus on 19 February 2020 to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Ulster University and FAST School of Management. During the visit, Ronnie Patton also delivered a very interesting lecture to our students on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), which was well … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Program Description The MS BA program aims to develop problem-solving skills among the students through an in-depth understanding of business analytics. This program develops unique skills in the students to analyze, synthesize and visually present data related to numerous fields of management sciences i.e., marketing, management, HR, operations and finance. The graduates of the MS BA program will be equipped with in-demand skills and knowledge required for success in their professional careers. The program is designed in a way that students with no background in business studies may also take admission in this program. However, depending on the undergraduate degree, students will be required to study deficiency courses. Learning Outcomes The key learning outcomes of the MS BA program are to enable our graduates: Career Opportunities An MS BA program can significantly expand the graduates’ career opportunities and increase their salary-earning potential. The graduates of MS BA can find a number of pathways to choose from, such as business analytics consultants, operations analysts, people analysts, financial analysts, and market or consumer analysts. Admission Requirements Eligibility Criteria Selection Criteria Degree Requirements For the award of Master of Science in Business Analytics degree, a student must have:   Tentative Study Plan MS (Business Analytics) For Business graduates Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 1 CS4089 Programming for Business Applications * 3+0 BA5005 CS5059 Applied Calculus for Business* Database System* 3+0 3+0 MG5011 Advanced Research Methods 3+0 Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 2 BA5001 Inferential Statistics & Descriptive Modelling 3+0 MG5047 Decision Science for Business 3+0 MG5055 Ethics in Business Analytics 3+0  Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 3 BA5004 Machine Learning Models for Business Analytics 3+1 MG5050 Econometrics 3+0 BA5XXX Elective- I 3+0 BA5XXX BA5094 Elective-II OR MS Dissertation-I 0+3 Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 4 BA5002 Data Driven Decision Making and Optimization 3+0 BA5XXX Elective- III 3+0 BA5090 BA5095  MS Project OR MS Dissertation-II TOTAL 0+3  43     For Non-Business graduates Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 1 AF4010 Accounting and Finance for Managers* 3+0 MG4005 Business Economics for Managers* 3+0 MG4006 Management & Organizational Behavior* 3+0 MG5011 Advanced Research Methods 3+0 Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 2 BA5001 Inferential Statistics & Descriptive Modelling 3+0 MG5047 Decision Science for Business 3+0 MG5055 Ethics in Business Analytics 3+0  Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 3 BA5004 Machine Learning for Business Analytics 3+1 MG5050 Econometrics 3+0 BA5XXX Elective- I 3+0 BA5XXX BA5094 Elective-II OR MS Dissertation-I 0+3 Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 4 BA5002 Data Driven Decision Making and Optimization 3+0 BA5XXX Elective- III 3+0 BA5090 BA5095   MS Project OR MS Dissertation-II TOTAL  0+3  43  Note 1: Registration in “MS Dissertation-I” is allowed provided the student has:  • 21 credits • Passed the “Advanced Research Methods” course. • CGPA is equal to or more than 2.5  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Program Description The MS BA program aims to develop problem-solving skills among the students through an in-depth understanding of business analytics. This program develops unique skills in the students to analyze, synthesize and visually present data related to numerous fields of management sciences i.e., marketing, management, HR, operations and finance. The graduates of the MS BA program will be equipped with in-demand skills and knowledge required for success in their professional careers. The program is designed in a way that students with no background in business studies may also take admission in this program. However, depending on the undergraduate degree, students will be required to study deficiency courses. Learning Outcomes The key learning outcomes of the MS BA program are to enable our graduates: Career Opportunities An MS BA program can significantly expand the graduates’ career opportunities and increase their salary-earning potential. The graduates of MS BA can find a number of pathways to choose from, such as business analytics consultants, operations analysts, people analysts, financial analysts, and market or consumer analysts. Admission Requirements Eligibility Criteria Selection Criteria Degree Requirements For the award of Master of Science in Business Analytics degree, a student must have:   Tentative Study Plan MS (Business Analytics) For Business graduates Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 1 CS4089 Programming for Business Applications * 3+0 BA5005 CS5059 Applied Calculus for Business* Database System* 3+0 3+0 MG5011 Advanced Research Methods 3+0 Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 2 BA5001 Inferential Statistics & Descriptive Modelling 3+0 MG5047 Decision Science for Business 3+0 MG5055 Ethics in Business Analytics 3+0  Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 3 BA5004 Machine Learning Models for Business Analytics 3+1 MG5050 Econometrics 3+0 BA5XXX Elective- I 3+0 BA5XXX BA5094 Elective-II OR MS Dissertation-I 0+3 Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 4 BA5002 Data Driven Decision Making and Optimization 3+0 BA5XXX Elective- III 3+0 BA5090 BA5095  MS Project OR MS Dissertation-II TOTAL 0+3  43     For Non-Business graduates Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 1 AF4010 Accounting and Finance for Managers* 3+0 MG4005 Business Economics for Managers* 3+0 MG4006 Management & Organizational Behavior* 3+0 MG5011 Advanced Research Methods 3+0 Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 2 BA5001 Inferential Statistics & Descriptive Modelling 3+0 MG5047 Decision Science for Business 3+0 MG5055 Ethics in Business Analytics 3+0  Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 3 BA5004 Machine Learning for Business Analytics 3+1 MG5050 Econometrics 3+0 BA5XXX Elective- I 3+0 BA5XXX BA5094 Elective-II OR MS Dissertation-I 0+3 Sr. No Course Name Crdt Hrs. Semester 4 BA5002 Data Driven Decision Making and Optimization 3+0 BA5XXX Elective- III 3+0 BA5090 BA5095   MS Project OR MS Dissertation-II TOTAL  0+3  43  Note 1: Registration in “MS Dissertation-I” is allowed provided the student has:  • 21 credits • Passed the “Advanced Research Methods” course. • CGPA is equal to or more than 2.5  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
The Case Research Center (CRC) has been instituted at the FAST School of Management (FSM), Lahore to encourage both faculty and students to engage in solid case research. There is a dearth of business cases related to Pakistan and that is the reason our business schools have to rely on foreign cases for teaching. The facilities that would be provided at the center will be instrumental in bridging the gap … Effective business management requires keeping up with complex changes in the economic, legal, political, technological, demographic and cultural sphere while coping up with the increasing scarcity of the financial resources. To deal with the changes in a business environment effectively, managers require constant input from consultants, academic and professional researchers. The Center for Research on Management and Governance (CRMG) at FAST School of Management, Lahore was established with a view … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
The Case Research Center (CRC) has been instituted at the FAST School of Management (FSM), Lahore to encourage both faculty and students to engage in solid case research. There is a dearth of business cases related to Pakistan and that is the reason our business schools have to rely on foreign cases for teaching. The facilities that would be provided at the center will be instrumental in bridging the gap … Effective business management requires keeping up with complex changes in the economic, legal, political, technological, demographic and cultural sphere while coping up with the increasing scarcity of the financial resources. To deal with the changes in a business environment effectively, managers require constant input from consultants, academic and professional researchers. The Center for Research on Management and Governance (CRMG) at FAST School of Management, Lahore was established with a view … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Effective business management requires keeping up with complex changes in the economic, legal, political, technological, demographic and cultural sphere while coping up with the increasing scarcity of the financial resources. To deal with the changes in a business environment effectively, managers require constant input from consultants, academic and professional researchers. The Center for Research on Management and Governance (CRMG) at FAST School of Management, Lahore was established with a view to bridge academic and professional knowledge on management and governance and its adaptation to suit the indigenous business environment. Jointly supervised by Dr. Hamid Hassan, Dr. Mian Muhammad Atif, Dr. Zia Khan, Dr. Ahmed Arif and Dr. Akbar Azam, the center is a hub for motivating research on the art and practice of management and governance in Pakistan. The findings from the theoretical and empirical research conducted at CRMG are expected to provide guidelines to deal with the management and governance challenges of public and private sector organizations in Pakistan. Seminars and discussions with business leaders and national & international academics are designed to facilitate sharing of ideas and providing updates on trends are a constant feature of the center. Thus the output is not just defined by producing papers but serves as the core for producing local content for inclusion in the curriculum at both graduate and undergraduate levels. Our empirical studies focus on Finance, Marketing, Motivation, Leadership, Economics, Real-Time Business plans, and a range of other topics related to management sciences. In general, the center’s research efforts are characterized by an ambition to critically and constructively study, describe and analyze the emergence and development of management & governance practices in the country. Researchers at the center aim to uphold a recognized presence in the ongoing academic discourses in crucial parts of management & governance areas. The center also undertakes consultancy projects with a number of governmental and private organizations and collaborates with other national and international universities in advancing the research. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
The Case Research Center (CRC) has been instituted at the FAST School of Management (FSM), Lahore to encourage both faculty and students to engage in solid case research. There is a dearth of business cases related to Pakistan and that is the reason our business schools have to rely on foreign cases for teaching. The facilities that would be provided at the center will be instrumental in bridging the gap between foreign and local cases. The center is a forum for interaction between students, faculty and the industry, and will provide turnkey consultancy solutions to the local industry. The mission of CRC is to motivate researchers to publish business cases and to subsequently increase both the quality and the quantity of case research and teaching in Pakistan. The activities of the center include emphasizing the importance of case teaching in the curriculum for business studies and equipping faculty members with the abilities to effectively instruct students using the case method. Mr. Hassan Mahmood (Asst. Professor) is coordinating the academic activities related to the center. The center aims at increasing awareness about the local business environment and decision making by Pakistani business leaders for dealing with the complexities of an extremely dynamic environment. Projects Research Seminars Publications © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor kashif.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aamir.wali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asif.gilani@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.naseer@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zareen.alamgir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aasim.qureshi@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor ali.afzal@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor arshad.ali1@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor maryam.bashir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor r.asif@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saira.karim@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshanali.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aatira.anum@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aqadeer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.ahmadraza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ammar.haider@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor faisal.aslam@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor farooq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.waheed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave haroon.mahmood@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave iqra.safder@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubasher.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.Irteza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.ejaz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshan.rana@nu.edu.pk Adj. ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave hammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aamir.raheem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abeeda.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor bushra.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ishaq.raza@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave lehmia.kiran@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor maimoona.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqar.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave noshaba.nasir@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor samin.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sobia.tariq@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqas.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aleena.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anosha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ansa.liaqat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer arooj.khalil@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave asbah.khalid@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer danyal.farhat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer esha.razia@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fraz.yousaf@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usama.hassan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamad.ulqudous@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hina.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hira.butt@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kiran.khurshid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.saif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maham.naeem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.akbar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.majid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mehroze.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer momna.zaneb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mubashar.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.absar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razi.uddin@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.anam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer saifullah.tanvir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sajid.kazmi@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave salman.shoaib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sana.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer seemab.ayub@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayaz.gillani@nu.edu.pk Lecturer uzair.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umme.ammarah@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usman.anwer@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer rana.waqasali@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zeeshan.nazar@nu.edu.pk Instructor amina.qaiser@nu.edu.pk Instructor aqib.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk Instructor hashir.mhsineen@lhr.nu.edu.pk Instructor junaid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Instructor maria.hassan@nu.edu.pk Instructor m.hasan@nu.edu.pk Instructor sukhan.amir@nu.edu.pk InstructorOn Leave zehra.batool@nu.edu.pk Instructor zoha.waheed@nu.edu.pk Instructor zulqarnain.Ishaq@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty amir.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer marwa.khan@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty nauman.moazzam@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer saba.tariq@nu.edu.pk Junior LecturerOn Leave samman.ashraf@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saima.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sm.sajid@nu.edu.pk Professor aun.abbas@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor omer.saleem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor huzaifa.rauf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor kashif.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abdul.majid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor beenish.fatima@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor haris.kazmi@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor mohsin.yousuf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor shazia.haque@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tamania.javaid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abeer.bashir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ahmad.hamza@nu.edu.pk Lecturer akbari.yaqoob@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.umair@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sara.kiran@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maaz.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.ismail@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umer.altaf@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer aliha.tanveer@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer eisha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muiz.malik@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer sughra.kamran@nu.edu.pk Associate Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tauqir.ahmed@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor shahid.ali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor syed.ali@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.umar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aliraza.khalid@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave sarah.asif@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor umar.niazi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anns.tahir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.sharif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fahad.haseeb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mahnoor.akram@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.zahid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sania.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abdur.rehman@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abu.huraira@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer hamza.ali@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer kashif.hameed@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer umer.amin@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer maham.akram@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muhammad.zaid@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hamid.hassan@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor akbar.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave amna.farrukh@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mujahid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor fatima.omer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor komal.kamran@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mian.atif @nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor munazza.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saif.maqbool@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave umer.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zia.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor allauddin@gmail.com Assistant Professor shakeel.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.safdar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer beenish.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.qaisar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fatima.habib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ghulam.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer iman.ilyas@nu.edu.pk Lecturer irma.tariq@nu.edu.pk Lecturer khadija.aslam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mobeen.ajmal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer noor.zahid@nu.edu.pk Adjunct Lecturer salmaan.rahman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sidra.salman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sundas.munir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zunaira.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Instructor alishba.nisar@nu.edu.pk Instructor attiqa.sohail@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.zeb@nu.edu.pk Instructor sadia.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.jaffery@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer aiza.aftab@nu.edu.pk Faculty (Adjunct) saleena@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubashir.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ProfessorDean (Faculty of Sciences & Humanities)HEC Approved PhD Supervisor akhlaq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mazhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saman.shahid@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave farasat.shamir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saeeda.zia@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hina.firdous@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hira.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor iram.amjad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sara.khan1@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tayyaba.naz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zahida.mansoor@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.ikram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ali.zulfiqar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abdul.sattar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aisha.bano@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.naz@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayesha.saeed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamza.janjua@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kanwal.saleem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer m.yaseen@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.fazal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer nokhaiz.zahra@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razm.zafar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer Sarah.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer tasduque.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer (English) mahnoor.chaudhary@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor kashif.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aamir.wali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asif.gilani@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.naseer@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zareen.alamgir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aasim.qureshi@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor ali.afzal@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor arshad.ali1@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor maryam.bashir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor r.asif@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saira.karim@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshanali.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aatira.anum@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aqadeer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.ahmadraza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ammar.haider@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor faisal.aslam@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor farooq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.waheed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave haroon.mahmood@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave iqra.safder@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubasher.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.Irteza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.ejaz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshan.rana@nu.edu.pk Adj. ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave hammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aamir.raheem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abeeda.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor bushra.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ishaq.raza@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave lehmia.kiran@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor maimoona.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqar.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave noshaba.nasir@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor samin.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sobia.tariq@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqas.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aleena.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anosha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ansa.liaqat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer arooj.khalil@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave asbah.khalid@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer danyal.farhat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer esha.razia@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fraz.yousaf@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usama.hassan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamad.ulqudous@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hina.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hira.butt@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kiran.khurshid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.saif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maham.naeem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.akbar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.majid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mehroze.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer momna.zaneb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mubashar.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.absar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razi.uddin@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.anam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer saifullah.tanvir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sajid.kazmi@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave salman.shoaib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sana.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer seemab.ayub@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayaz.gillani@nu.edu.pk Lecturer uzair.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umme.ammarah@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usman.anwer@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer rana.waqasali@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zeeshan.nazar@nu.edu.pk Instructor amina.qaiser@nu.edu.pk Instructor aqib.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk Instructor hashir.mhsineen@lhr.nu.edu.pk Instructor junaid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Instructor maria.hassan@nu.edu.pk Instructor m.hasan@nu.edu.pk Instructor sukhan.amir@nu.edu.pk InstructorOn Leave zehra.batool@nu.edu.pk Instructor zoha.waheed@nu.edu.pk Instructor zulqarnain.Ishaq@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty amir.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer marwa.khan@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty nauman.moazzam@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer saba.tariq@nu.edu.pk Junior LecturerOn Leave samman.ashraf@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saima.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sm.sajid@nu.edu.pk Professor aun.abbas@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor omer.saleem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor huzaifa.rauf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor kashif.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abdul.majid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor beenish.fatima@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor haris.kazmi@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor mohsin.yousuf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor shazia.haque@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tamania.javaid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abeer.bashir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ahmad.hamza@nu.edu.pk Lecturer akbari.yaqoob@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.umair@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sara.kiran@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maaz.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.ismail@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umer.altaf@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer aliha.tanveer@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer eisha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muiz.malik@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer sughra.kamran@nu.edu.pk Associate Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tauqir.ahmed@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor shahid.ali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor syed.ali@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.umar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aliraza.khalid@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave sarah.asif@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor umar.niazi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anns.tahir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.sharif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fahad.haseeb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mahnoor.akram@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.zahid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sania.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abdur.rehman@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abu.huraira@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer hamza.ali@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer kashif.hameed@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer umer.amin@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer maham.akram@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muhammad.zaid@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hamid.hassan@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor akbar.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave amna.farrukh@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mujahid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor fatima.omer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor komal.kamran@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mian.atif @nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor munazza.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saif.maqbool@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave umer.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zia.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor allauddin@gmail.com Assistant Professor shakeel.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.safdar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer beenish.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.qaisar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fatima.habib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ghulam.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer iman.ilyas@nu.edu.pk Lecturer irma.tariq@nu.edu.pk Lecturer khadija.aslam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mobeen.ajmal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer noor.zahid@nu.edu.pk Adjunct Lecturer salmaan.rahman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sidra.salman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sundas.munir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zunaira.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Instructor alishba.nisar@nu.edu.pk Instructor attiqa.sohail@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.zeb@nu.edu.pk Instructor sadia.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.jaffery@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer aiza.aftab@nu.edu.pk Faculty (Adjunct) saleena@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubashir.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ProfessorDean (Faculty of Sciences & Humanities)HEC Approved PhD Supervisor akhlaq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mazhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saman.shahid@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave farasat.shamir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saeeda.zia@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hina.firdous@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hira.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor iram.amjad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sara.khan1@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tayyaba.naz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zahida.mansoor@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.ikram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ali.zulfiqar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abdul.sattar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aisha.bano@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.naz@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayesha.saeed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamza.janjua@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kanwal.saleem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer m.yaseen@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.fazal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer nokhaiz.zahra@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razm.zafar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer Sarah.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer tasduque.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer (English) mahnoor.chaudhary@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor kashif.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aamir.wali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asif.gilani@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.naseer@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zareen.alamgir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aasim.qureshi@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor ali.afzal@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor arshad.ali1@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor maryam.bashir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor r.asif@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saira.karim@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshanali.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aatira.anum@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aqadeer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.ahmadraza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ammar.haider@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor faisal.aslam@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor farooq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.waheed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave haroon.mahmood@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave iqra.safder@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubasher.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.Irteza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.ejaz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshan.rana@nu.edu.pk Adj. ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave hammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aamir.raheem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abeeda.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor bushra.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ishaq.raza@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave lehmia.kiran@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor maimoona.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqar.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave noshaba.nasir@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor samin.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sobia.tariq@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqas.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aleena.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anosha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ansa.liaqat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer arooj.khalil@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave asbah.khalid@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer danyal.farhat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer esha.razia@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fraz.yousaf@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usama.hassan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamad.ulqudous@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hina.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hira.butt@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kiran.khurshid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.saif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maham.naeem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.akbar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.majid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mehroze.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer momna.zaneb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mubashar.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.absar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razi.uddin@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.anam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer saifullah.tanvir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sajid.kazmi@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave salman.shoaib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sana.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer seemab.ayub@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayaz.gillani@nu.edu.pk Lecturer uzair.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umme.ammarah@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usman.anwer@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer rana.waqasali@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zeeshan.nazar@nu.edu.pk Instructor amina.qaiser@nu.edu.pk Instructor aqib.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk Instructor hashir.mhsineen@lhr.nu.edu.pk Instructor junaid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Instructor maria.hassan@nu.edu.pk Instructor m.hasan@nu.edu.pk Instructor sukhan.amir@nu.edu.pk InstructorOn Leave zehra.batool@nu.edu.pk Instructor zoha.waheed@nu.edu.pk Instructor zulqarnain.Ishaq@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty amir.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer marwa.khan@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty nauman.moazzam@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer saba.tariq@nu.edu.pk Junior LecturerOn Leave samman.ashraf@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saima.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sm.sajid@nu.edu.pk Professor aun.abbas@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor omer.saleem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor huzaifa.rauf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor kashif.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abdul.majid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor beenish.fatima@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor haris.kazmi@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor mohsin.yousuf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor shazia.haque@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tamania.javaid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abeer.bashir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ahmad.hamza@nu.edu.pk Lecturer akbari.yaqoob@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.umair@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sara.kiran@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maaz.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.ismail@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umer.altaf@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer aliha.tanveer@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer eisha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muiz.malik@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer sughra.kamran@nu.edu.pk Associate Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tauqir.ahmed@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor shahid.ali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor syed.ali@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.umar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aliraza.khalid@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave sarah.asif@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor umar.niazi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anns.tahir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.sharif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fahad.haseeb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mahnoor.akram@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.zahid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sania.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abdur.rehman@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abu.huraira@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer hamza.ali@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer kashif.hameed@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer umer.amin@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer maham.akram@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muhammad.zaid@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hamid.hassan@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor akbar.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave amna.farrukh@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mujahid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor fatima.omer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor komal.kamran@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mian.atif @nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor munazza.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saif.maqbool@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave umer.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zia.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor allauddin@gmail.com Assistant Professor shakeel.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.safdar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer beenish.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.qaisar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fatima.habib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ghulam.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer iman.ilyas@nu.edu.pk Lecturer irma.tariq@nu.edu.pk Lecturer khadija.aslam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mobeen.ajmal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer noor.zahid@nu.edu.pk Adjunct Lecturer salmaan.rahman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sidra.salman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sundas.munir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zunaira.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Instructor alishba.nisar@nu.edu.pk Instructor attiqa.sohail@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.zeb@nu.edu.pk Instructor sadia.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.jaffery@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer aiza.aftab@nu.edu.pk Faculty (Adjunct) saleena@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubashir.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ProfessorDean (Faculty of Sciences & Humanities)HEC Approved PhD Supervisor akhlaq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mazhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saman.shahid@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave farasat.shamir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saeeda.zia@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hina.firdous@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hira.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor iram.amjad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sara.khan1@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tayyaba.naz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zahida.mansoor@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.ikram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ali.zulfiqar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abdul.sattar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aisha.bano@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.naz@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayesha.saeed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamza.janjua@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kanwal.saleem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer m.yaseen@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.fazal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer nokhaiz.zahra@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razm.zafar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer Sarah.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer tasduque.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer (English) mahnoor.chaudhary@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor kashif.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aamir.wali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asif.gilani@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.naseer@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zareen.alamgir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aasim.qureshi@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor ali.afzal@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor arshad.ali1@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor maryam.bashir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor r.asif@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saira.karim@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshanali.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aatira.anum@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aqadeer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.ahmadraza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ammar.haider@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor faisal.aslam@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor farooq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.waheed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave haroon.mahmood@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave iqra.safder@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubasher.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.Irteza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.ejaz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshan.rana@nu.edu.pk Adj. ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave hammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aamir.raheem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abeeda.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor bushra.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ishaq.raza@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave lehmia.kiran@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor maimoona.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqar.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave noshaba.nasir@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor samin.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sobia.tariq@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqas.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aleena.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anosha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ansa.liaqat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer arooj.khalil@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave asbah.khalid@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer danyal.farhat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer esha.razia@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fraz.yousaf@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usama.hassan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamad.ulqudous@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hina.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hira.butt@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kiran.khurshid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.saif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maham.naeem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.akbar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.majid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mehroze.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer momna.zaneb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mubashar.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.absar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razi.uddin@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.anam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer saifullah.tanvir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sajid.kazmi@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave salman.shoaib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sana.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer seemab.ayub@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayaz.gillani@nu.edu.pk Lecturer uzair.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umme.ammarah@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usman.anwer@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer rana.waqasali@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zeeshan.nazar@nu.edu.pk Instructor amina.qaiser@nu.edu.pk Instructor aqib.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk Instructor hashir.mhsineen@lhr.nu.edu.pk Instructor junaid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Instructor maria.hassan@nu.edu.pk Instructor m.hasan@nu.edu.pk Instructor sukhan.amir@nu.edu.pk InstructorOn Leave zehra.batool@nu.edu.pk Instructor zoha.waheed@nu.edu.pk Instructor zulqarnain.Ishaq@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty amir.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer marwa.khan@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty nauman.moazzam@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer saba.tariq@nu.edu.pk Junior LecturerOn Leave samman.ashraf@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saima.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sm.sajid@nu.edu.pk Professor aun.abbas@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor omer.saleem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor huzaifa.rauf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor kashif.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abdul.majid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor beenish.fatima@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor haris.kazmi@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor mohsin.yousuf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor shazia.haque@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tamania.javaid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abeer.bashir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ahmad.hamza@nu.edu.pk Lecturer akbari.yaqoob@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.umair@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sara.kiran@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maaz.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.ismail@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umer.altaf@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer aliha.tanveer@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer eisha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muiz.malik@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer sughra.kamran@nu.edu.pk Associate Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tauqir.ahmed@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor shahid.ali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor syed.ali@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.umar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aliraza.khalid@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave sarah.asif@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor umar.niazi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anns.tahir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.sharif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fahad.haseeb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mahnoor.akram@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.zahid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sania.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abdur.rehman@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abu.huraira@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer hamza.ali@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer kashif.hameed@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer umer.amin@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer maham.akram@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muhammad.zaid@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hamid.hassan@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor akbar.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave amna.farrukh@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mujahid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor fatima.omer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor komal.kamran@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mian.atif @nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor munazza.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saif.maqbool@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave umer.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zia.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor allauddin@gmail.com Assistant Professor shakeel.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.safdar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer beenish.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.qaisar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fatima.habib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ghulam.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer iman.ilyas@nu.edu.pk Lecturer irma.tariq@nu.edu.pk Lecturer khadija.aslam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mobeen.ajmal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer noor.zahid@nu.edu.pk Adjunct Lecturer salmaan.rahman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sidra.salman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sundas.munir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zunaira.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Instructor alishba.nisar@nu.edu.pk Instructor attiqa.sohail@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.zeb@nu.edu.pk Instructor sadia.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.jaffery@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer aiza.aftab@nu.edu.pk Faculty (Adjunct) saleena@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubashir.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ProfessorDean (Faculty of Sciences & Humanities)HEC Approved PhD Supervisor akhlaq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mazhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saman.shahid@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave farasat.shamir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saeeda.zia@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hina.firdous@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hira.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor iram.amjad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sara.khan1@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tayyaba.naz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zahida.mansoor@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.ikram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ali.zulfiqar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abdul.sattar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aisha.bano@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.naz@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayesha.saeed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamza.janjua@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kanwal.saleem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer m.yaseen@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.fazal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer nokhaiz.zahra@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razm.zafar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer Sarah.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer tasduque.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer (English) mahnoor.chaudhary@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor kashif.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aamir.wali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asif.gilani@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.naseer@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zareen.alamgir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aasim.qureshi@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor ali.afzal@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor arshad.ali1@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor maryam.bashir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor r.asif@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saira.karim@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshanali.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aatira.anum@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aqadeer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.ahmadraza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ammar.haider@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor faisal.aslam@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor farooq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.waheed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave haroon.mahmood@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave iqra.safder@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubasher.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.Irteza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.ejaz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshan.rana@nu.edu.pk Adj. ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave hammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aamir.raheem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abeeda.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor bushra.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ishaq.raza@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave lehmia.kiran@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor maimoona.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqar.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave noshaba.nasir@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor samin.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sobia.tariq@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqas.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aleena.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anosha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ansa.liaqat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer arooj.khalil@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave asbah.khalid@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer danyal.farhat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer esha.razia@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fraz.yousaf@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usama.hassan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamad.ulqudous@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hina.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hira.butt@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kiran.khurshid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.saif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maham.naeem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.akbar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.majid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mehroze.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer momna.zaneb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mubashar.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.absar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razi.uddin@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.anam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer saifullah.tanvir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sajid.kazmi@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave salman.shoaib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sana.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer seemab.ayub@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayaz.gillani@nu.edu.pk Lecturer uzair.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umme.ammarah@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usman.anwer@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer rana.waqasali@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zeeshan.nazar@nu.edu.pk Instructor amina.qaiser@nu.edu.pk Instructor aqib.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk Instructor hashir.mhsineen@lhr.nu.edu.pk Instructor junaid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Instructor maria.hassan@nu.edu.pk Instructor m.hasan@nu.edu.pk Instructor sukhan.amir@nu.edu.pk InstructorOn Leave zehra.batool@nu.edu.pk Instructor zoha.waheed@nu.edu.pk Instructor zulqarnain.Ishaq@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty amir.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer marwa.khan@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty nauman.moazzam@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer saba.tariq@nu.edu.pk Junior LecturerOn Leave samman.ashraf@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saima.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sm.sajid@nu.edu.pk Professor aun.abbas@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor omer.saleem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor huzaifa.rauf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor kashif.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abdul.majid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor beenish.fatima@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor haris.kazmi@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor mohsin.yousuf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor shazia.haque@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tamania.javaid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abeer.bashir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ahmad.hamza@nu.edu.pk Lecturer akbari.yaqoob@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.umair@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sara.kiran@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maaz.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.ismail@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umer.altaf@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer aliha.tanveer@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer eisha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muiz.malik@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer sughra.kamran@nu.edu.pk Associate Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tauqir.ahmed@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor shahid.ali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor syed.ali@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.umar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aliraza.khalid@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave sarah.asif@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor umar.niazi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anns.tahir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.sharif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fahad.haseeb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mahnoor.akram@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.zahid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sania.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abdur.rehman@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abu.huraira@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer hamza.ali@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer kashif.hameed@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer umer.amin@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer maham.akram@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muhammad.zaid@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hamid.hassan@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor akbar.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave amna.farrukh@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mujahid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor fatima.omer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor komal.kamran@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mian.atif @nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor munazza.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saif.maqbool@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave umer.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zia.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor allauddin@gmail.com Assistant Professor shakeel.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.safdar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer beenish.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.qaisar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fatima.habib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ghulam.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer iman.ilyas@nu.edu.pk Lecturer irma.tariq@nu.edu.pk Lecturer khadija.aslam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mobeen.ajmal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer noor.zahid@nu.edu.pk Adjunct Lecturer salmaan.rahman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sidra.salman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sundas.munir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zunaira.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Instructor alishba.nisar@nu.edu.pk Instructor attiqa.sohail@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.zeb@nu.edu.pk Instructor sadia.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.jaffery@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer aiza.aftab@nu.edu.pk Faculty (Adjunct) saleena@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubashir.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ProfessorDean (Faculty of Sciences & Humanities)HEC Approved PhD Supervisor akhlaq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mazhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saman.shahid@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave farasat.shamir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saeeda.zia@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hina.firdous@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hira.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor iram.amjad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sara.khan1@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tayyaba.naz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zahida.mansoor@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.ikram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ali.zulfiqar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abdul.sattar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aisha.bano@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.naz@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayesha.saeed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamza.janjua@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kanwal.saleem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer m.yaseen@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.fazal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer nokhaiz.zahra@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razm.zafar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer Sarah.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer tasduque.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer (English) mahnoor.chaudhary@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor kashif.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aamir.wali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asif.gilani@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.naseer@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zareen.alamgir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aasim.qureshi@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor ali.afzal@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor arshad.ali1@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor maryam.bashir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor r.asif@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saira.karim@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshanali.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aatira.anum@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aqadeer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.ahmadraza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ammar.haider@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor faisal.aslam@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor farooq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.waheed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave haroon.mahmood@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave iqra.safder@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubasher.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.Irteza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.ejaz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshan.rana@nu.edu.pk Adj. ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave hammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aamir.raheem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abeeda.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor bushra.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ishaq.raza@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave lehmia.kiran@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor maimoona.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqar.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave noshaba.nasir@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor samin.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sobia.tariq@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqas.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aleena.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anosha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ansa.liaqat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer arooj.khalil@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave asbah.khalid@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer danyal.farhat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer esha.razia@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fraz.yousaf@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usama.hassan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamad.ulqudous@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hina.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hira.butt@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kiran.khurshid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.saif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maham.naeem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.akbar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.majid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mehroze.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer momna.zaneb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mubashar.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.absar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razi.uddin@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.anam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer saifullah.tanvir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sajid.kazmi@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave salman.shoaib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sana.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer seemab.ayub@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayaz.gillani@nu.edu.pk Lecturer uzair.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umme.ammarah@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usman.anwer@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer rana.waqasali@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zeeshan.nazar@nu.edu.pk Instructor amina.qaiser@nu.edu.pk Instructor aqib.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk Instructor hashir.mhsineen@lhr.nu.edu.pk Instructor junaid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Instructor maria.hassan@nu.edu.pk Instructor m.hasan@nu.edu.pk Instructor sukhan.amir@nu.edu.pk InstructorOn Leave zehra.batool@nu.edu.pk Instructor zoha.waheed@nu.edu.pk Instructor zulqarnain.Ishaq@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty amir.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer marwa.khan@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty nauman.moazzam@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer saba.tariq@nu.edu.pk Junior LecturerOn Leave samman.ashraf@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saima.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sm.sajid@nu.edu.pk Professor aun.abbas@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor omer.saleem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor huzaifa.rauf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor kashif.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abdul.majid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor beenish.fatima@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor haris.kazmi@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor mohsin.yousuf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor shazia.haque@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tamania.javaid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abeer.bashir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ahmad.hamza@nu.edu.pk Lecturer akbari.yaqoob@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.umair@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sara.kiran@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maaz.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.ismail@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umer.altaf@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer aliha.tanveer@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer eisha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muiz.malik@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer sughra.kamran@nu.edu.pk Associate Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tauqir.ahmed@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor shahid.ali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor syed.ali@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.umar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aliraza.khalid@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave sarah.asif@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor umar.niazi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anns.tahir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.sharif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fahad.haseeb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mahnoor.akram@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.zahid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sania.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abdur.rehman@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abu.huraira@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer hamza.ali@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer kashif.hameed@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer umer.amin@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer maham.akram@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muhammad.zaid@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hamid.hassan@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor akbar.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave amna.farrukh@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mujahid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor fatima.omer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor komal.kamran@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mian.atif @nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor munazza.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saif.maqbool@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave umer.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zia.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor allauddin@gmail.com Assistant Professor shakeel.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.safdar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer beenish.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.qaisar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fatima.habib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ghulam.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer iman.ilyas@nu.edu.pk Lecturer irma.tariq@nu.edu.pk Lecturer khadija.aslam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mobeen.ajmal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer noor.zahid@nu.edu.pk Adjunct Lecturer salmaan.rahman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sidra.salman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sundas.munir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zunaira.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Instructor alishba.nisar@nu.edu.pk Instructor attiqa.sohail@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.zeb@nu.edu.pk Instructor sadia.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.jaffery@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer aiza.aftab@nu.edu.pk Faculty (Adjunct) saleena@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubashir.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ProfessorDean (Faculty of Sciences & Humanities)HEC Approved PhD Supervisor akhlaq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mazhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saman.shahid@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave farasat.shamir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saeeda.zia@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hina.firdous@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hira.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor iram.amjad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sara.khan1@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tayyaba.naz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zahida.mansoor@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.ikram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ali.zulfiqar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abdul.sattar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aisha.bano@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.naz@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayesha.saeed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamza.janjua@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kanwal.saleem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer m.yaseen@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.fazal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer nokhaiz.zahra@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razm.zafar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer Sarah.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer tasduque.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer (English) mahnoor.chaudhary@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor kashif.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aamir.wali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asif.gilani@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.naseer@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zareen.alamgir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aasim.qureshi@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor ali.afzal@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor arshad.ali1@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor maryam.bashir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor r.asif@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saira.karim@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshanali.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aatira.anum@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aqadeer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.ahmadraza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ammar.haider@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor faisal.aslam@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor farooq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.waheed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave haroon.mahmood@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave iqra.safder@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubasher.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.Irteza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.ejaz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshan.rana@nu.edu.pk Adj. ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave hammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aamir.raheem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abeeda.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor bushra.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ishaq.raza@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave lehmia.kiran@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor maimoona.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqar.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave noshaba.nasir@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor samin.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sobia.tariq@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqas.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aleena.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anosha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ansa.liaqat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer arooj.khalil@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave asbah.khalid@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer danyal.farhat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer esha.razia@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fraz.yousaf@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usama.hassan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamad.ulqudous@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hina.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hira.butt@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kiran.khurshid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.saif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maham.naeem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.akbar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.majid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mehroze.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer momna.zaneb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mubashar.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.absar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razi.uddin@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.anam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer saifullah.tanvir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sajid.kazmi@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave salman.shoaib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sana.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer seemab.ayub@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayaz.gillani@nu.edu.pk Lecturer uzair.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umme.ammarah@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usman.anwer@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer rana.waqasali@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zeeshan.nazar@nu.edu.pk Instructor amina.qaiser@nu.edu.pk Instructor aqib.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk Instructor hashir.mhsineen@lhr.nu.edu.pk Instructor junaid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Instructor maria.hassan@nu.edu.pk Instructor m.hasan@nu.edu.pk Instructor sukhan.amir@nu.edu.pk InstructorOn Leave zehra.batool@nu.edu.pk Instructor zoha.waheed@nu.edu.pk Instructor zulqarnain.Ishaq@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty amir.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer marwa.khan@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty nauman.moazzam@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer saba.tariq@nu.edu.pk Junior LecturerOn Leave samman.ashraf@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saima.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sm.sajid@nu.edu.pk Professor aun.abbas@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor omer.saleem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor huzaifa.rauf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor kashif.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abdul.majid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor beenish.fatima@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor haris.kazmi@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor mohsin.yousuf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor shazia.haque@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tamania.javaid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abeer.bashir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ahmad.hamza@nu.edu.pk Lecturer akbari.yaqoob@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.umair@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sara.kiran@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maaz.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.ismail@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umer.altaf@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer aliha.tanveer@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer eisha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muiz.malik@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer sughra.kamran@nu.edu.pk Associate Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tauqir.ahmed@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor shahid.ali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor syed.ali@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.umar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aliraza.khalid@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave sarah.asif@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor umar.niazi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anns.tahir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.sharif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fahad.haseeb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mahnoor.akram@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.zahid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sania.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abdur.rehman@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abu.huraira@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer hamza.ali@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer kashif.hameed@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer umer.amin@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer maham.akram@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muhammad.zaid@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hamid.hassan@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor akbar.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave amna.farrukh@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mujahid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor fatima.omer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor komal.kamran@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mian.atif @nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor munazza.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saif.maqbool@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave umer.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zia.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor allauddin@gmail.com Assistant Professor shakeel.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.safdar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer beenish.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.qaisar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fatima.habib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ghulam.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer iman.ilyas@nu.edu.pk Lecturer irma.tariq@nu.edu.pk Lecturer khadija.aslam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mobeen.ajmal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer noor.zahid@nu.edu.pk Adjunct Lecturer salmaan.rahman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sidra.salman@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sundas.munir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer zunaira.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Instructor alishba.nisar@nu.edu.pk Instructor attiqa.sohail@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.zeb@nu.edu.pk Instructor sadia.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.jaffery@nu.edu.pk Instructor fatima.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer aiza.aftab@nu.edu.pk Faculty (Adjunct) saleena@nu.edu.pk Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubashir.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ProfessorDean (Faculty of Sciences & Humanities)HEC Approved PhD Supervisor akhlaq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mazhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saman.shahid@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave farasat.shamir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saeeda.zia@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hina.firdous@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hira.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor iram.amjad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sara.khan1@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tayyaba.naz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zahida.mansoor@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.ikram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ali.zulfiqar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abdul.sattar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aisha.bano@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.naz@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayesha.saeed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamza.janjua@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kanwal.saleem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer m.yaseen@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.fazal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer nokhaiz.zahra@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razm.zafar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer Sarah.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer tasduque.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer (English) mahnoor.chaudhary@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Official Music Society of FAST NUCES Lahore that works to promote and enhance the musical talent in FAST-NU Lahore campus, and to organize and participate in musical events on and off-campus.


Follow us on: 
https://www.facebook.com/fastmusicsociety/ SOFTEC, Software Exhibition and Competition, is an annual event held at the National University of Computing and Emerging Sciences Lahore, Pakistan. This event contributes towards the advancement of technology and research in Pakistan’s IT industry and sector, providing immense job opportunities for candidates all over the country. The event provides a platform for evaluating and recognizing talent, a forum for the exchange of ideas, and an opportunity for students with a passion for IT to interact with professionals from all over the globe. SOFTEC society, which is the largest student body at FAST NUCES Lahore, organizes this tech extravaganza which is a sight to behold. SOFTEC Society has upheld the legacy of SOFTEC for 27 years and continues to raise it to newer heights every single year. 

Connect with us on:
Social Media to become a part of this growing family:
https://linktr.ee/softec_nu "DramaF" is the Nationally Acclaimed Multi-Award winning Dramatics Society of FAST-NU Lahore.

It is a platform for those who want to experience their lives in terms of theatrical performances. It serves the purpose of providing an opportunity to explore the real world within oneself. DramaF is the way to bring Drama to one's life.

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/dramaf.nu/ NUCES MEDIA GROUP is the sole platform for the development and refinement of all media-related activities at FAST-NU, Lahore.  Being one of the prestigious societies at FAST, NMG has a rich legacy filled with accolades, prizes, and expertise. Bringing your amidst all the stuff you might be interested in, NMG is overwhelmed to provide you all with a chance to come up and show your talent in the area you want to shine in. With photography, movies, short films, animations, graphic designing, ad making, poetry, and creative writing, you get the best way to show how you can get creative with your brains and have fun as well.

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/nucesmediagroup/ The name of our society perfectly depicts its aims: to help shape the carriers of our fellow students and advice them on how to proceed in their professional lives. It gives us immense satisfaction to see our friends working for prestigious organizations and even more pleasure when we assist them in getting there. By establishing associations between ex-Fastians and the current ones, we ensure that the upcoming graduates always have a place in the market. 

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/CareerCounselingSocietyFastNu/ In 1998, the students of FAST-NU Lahore laid the foundation of the first debating society, DEBATING, which was dealing only in debates. In 2002 DEBATING was changed into VOICE - Vision for Oratory and Intellectual Enrichment, to provide an outlet for the ingenious and innovative brains and a platform to facilitate the exchange of thoughts, ideas, and opinions related to the field of literature, debates, and social issues. 

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/VOICE.DS/ NFT – NUCES Fun Trekkers is a popular non-technical and the only adventurous society at National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (FAST-NU), Lahore. Since its origination in 1998, it has been arranging different trips and adventurous activities with a mission of indulging students of FAST-NU in different adventurous activities, to help them in exploring colors of Pakistan, to give them an exposure of places which are beyond the borders and to get them to those places where they would hardly go ever in their lives or hardly visited them in past.

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/NFT-NUCES-Fun-Trekkers-Official-366307463542941/ American Society of Civil Engineers FAST NUCES Chapter (ASCE NUCES) aims to work for the welfare of civil Engineers.

The aim of this chapter is to make students aware of the developments in the field of engineering, specifically civil engineering, around the globe, to provide them with a platform for grooming and growth and one through which they may communicate and learn from their foreign counterparts IEEE bridges the gap between the academia and industry. it provides students the platform to communicate with professionals to talk about careers, projects, and efforts to resolve issues in societies 
-IEEE has a number of chapters under its name which helps the students to see which side of the vast advancing technology to choose from. these chapters help the undergrads, graduate students and young professionals to learn what is coming up in the near future
-IEEE as whole provides various resources to students and professionals to get funds for their research and development in different fields and get them published for other people to see through online libraries, journals, etc. the communication barrier for students to communicate with professionals and for professionals to communicate with other professionals is lifted off with IEEE

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/IEEE.NUCES.LHR/ The official sports society of FAST-NU. Sports include:
Football, Cricket, Table Tennis, Badminton, Volleyball, Basketball, Tennis, Chess and very soon, many more!

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/fastsportssociety/ Creative Society starts with Arts and Crafts and it goes beyond Music and Rhythms in FAST-NU, Lahore. It gives you a platform to perform and display your talent within the campus and participate in national competitions. Creative Society presents events such as the Welcome, Farewell, Art Gala, Musical Evenings (Concerts), Scavenger hunt and several other events within the campus to provide a colorful and delightful experience to the students.

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/FastCreativeSociety/ FAST Care is an initiative to help make this earth a better place by providing our care and support to those who are neglected by our society.
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up. Here at Fastcare, we intend to be a helping hand for unprivileged and distressed members of our community. Help us and join the cause for shaping our community into a better shape. We also welcome financial assistance and donations. Do donate! Even a small amount from you can make a big difference for someone. Feel free to reach us because of we at FAST care!


Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/FastCareSociety/ Student Chapter/Branch of ICE (Institution of Civil Engineers, UK) at FAST-NUCES Department of Civil Engineering Lahore campus, Pakistan.

The student chapter of Institution of Civil Engineers at NUCES Lahore. Purpose of the chapter is to enhance and broaden the knowledge and perspective of students at FAST-NU by giving them international Civil Engineering exposure.

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/ice.nuces/ ACM (Association for Computing Machinery) is an organization that brings together computing educators, researchers, and professionals to inspire dialogue, share resources, and address the field’s challenges. As the world’s largest computing society, ACM strengthens the profession’s collective voice through strong leadership, promotion of the highest standards, and recognition of technical excellence.

NUCES ACM Student Chapter is responsible for organizing all the programming, gaming, quizzes and other competitions that involve technology. We organize seminars, workshops and mapping parties to enhance computing as a science and technology.  We have successfully conducted FAST’s biggest event like ICPC Regional, GEEK WEEK and several others. Different institutions across Pakistan take the honor of becoming part of these mega-events. It’s a chance for ACM team as well to learn to their fill!!

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/NUCES.ACM/ Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/fastbusinessclub/ Formed by NAB in 2019, the purpose of Character Building Society is to arrange activities to sensitize students to their social, ethical, and academic values and to act as whistleblowers against malpractices and corruption. CBS strengthens the character, polishes the internal capabilities, highlights the basic human rights and promotes positivity by arranging activities such as panel discussions, seminars, and awareness sessions. Stacks FAST Chapter, is the first university chapter of Stacks Pakistan. The main aim is to introduce the students to and strengthen the development on blockchain technology. 
This chapter wants to bring hackathons, bootcamps, cohorts and conferences to FAST and thus provide a platform for blockchain development. The main theme of  Idyllic Youth FAST NUCES is to contribute something for the development of Pakistan and especially the young generation by providing them a platform where they can develop and enhance their professional and  non-professional  skills.
We identify  young social entrepreneurs and enthusiasts ,who are passionate about making a positive change in the society. IYS get uniquely deep youth insights and a precious pool of young talent, energy and ideas and invites young people from all backgrounds to take part in contributing to a better world.


instagram handle:
Idyllic Youth Fast (@iyfast)

Facebook handle:
Idyllic Youth FAST - NUCES | Lahore | Facebook © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Official Music Society of FAST NUCES Lahore that works to promote and enhance the musical talent in FAST-NU Lahore campus, and to organize and participate in musical events on and off-campus.


Follow us on: 
https://www.facebook.com/fastmusicsociety/ SOFTEC, Software Exhibition and Competition, is an annual event held at the National University of Computing and Emerging Sciences Lahore, Pakistan. This event contributes towards the advancement of technology and research in Pakistan’s IT industry and sector, providing immense job opportunities for candidates all over the country. The event provides a platform for evaluating and recognizing talent, a forum for the exchange of ideas, and an opportunity for students with a passion for IT to interact with professionals from all over the globe. SOFTEC society, which is the largest student body at FAST NUCES Lahore, organizes this tech extravaganza which is a sight to behold. SOFTEC Society has upheld the legacy of SOFTEC for 27 years and continues to raise it to newer heights every single year. 

Connect with us on:
Social Media to become a part of this growing family:
https://linktr.ee/softec_nu "DramaF" is the Nationally Acclaimed Multi-Award winning Dramatics Society of FAST-NU Lahore.

It is a platform for those who want to experience their lives in terms of theatrical performances. It serves the purpose of providing an opportunity to explore the real world within oneself. DramaF is the way to bring Drama to one's life.

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/dramaf.nu/ NUCES MEDIA GROUP is the sole platform for the development and refinement of all media-related activities at FAST-NU, Lahore.  Being one of the prestigious societies at FAST, NMG has a rich legacy filled with accolades, prizes, and expertise. Bringing your amidst all the stuff you might be interested in, NMG is overwhelmed to provide you all with a chance to come up and show your talent in the area you want to shine in. With photography, movies, short films, animations, graphic designing, ad making, poetry, and creative writing, you get the best way to show how you can get creative with your brains and have fun as well.

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/nucesmediagroup/ The name of our society perfectly depicts its aims: to help shape the carriers of our fellow students and advice them on how to proceed in their professional lives. It gives us immense satisfaction to see our friends working for prestigious organizations and even more pleasure when we assist them in getting there. By establishing associations between ex-Fastians and the current ones, we ensure that the upcoming graduates always have a place in the market. 

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/CareerCounselingSocietyFastNu/ In 1998, the students of FAST-NU Lahore laid the foundation of the first debating society, DEBATING, which was dealing only in debates. In 2002 DEBATING was changed into VOICE - Vision for Oratory and Intellectual Enrichment, to provide an outlet for the ingenious and innovative brains and a platform to facilitate the exchange of thoughts, ideas, and opinions related to the field of literature, debates, and social issues. 

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/VOICE.DS/ NFT – NUCES Fun Trekkers is a popular non-technical and the only adventurous society at National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences (FAST-NU), Lahore. Since its origination in 1998, it has been arranging different trips and adventurous activities with a mission of indulging students of FAST-NU in different adventurous activities, to help them in exploring colors of Pakistan, to give them an exposure of places which are beyond the borders and to get them to those places where they would hardly go ever in their lives or hardly visited them in past.

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/NFT-NUCES-Fun-Trekkers-Official-366307463542941/ American Society of Civil Engineers FAST NUCES Chapter (ASCE NUCES) aims to work for the welfare of civil Engineers.

The aim of this chapter is to make students aware of the developments in the field of engineering, specifically civil engineering, around the globe, to provide them with a platform for grooming and growth and one through which they may communicate and learn from their foreign counterparts IEEE bridges the gap between the academia and industry. it provides students the platform to communicate with professionals to talk about careers, projects, and efforts to resolve issues in societies 
-IEEE has a number of chapters under its name which helps the students to see which side of the vast advancing technology to choose from. these chapters help the undergrads, graduate students and young professionals to learn what is coming up in the near future
-IEEE as whole provides various resources to students and professionals to get funds for their research and development in different fields and get them published for other people to see through online libraries, journals, etc. the communication barrier for students to communicate with professionals and for professionals to communicate with other professionals is lifted off with IEEE

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/IEEE.NUCES.LHR/ The official sports society of FAST-NU. Sports include:
Football, Cricket, Table Tennis, Badminton, Volleyball, Basketball, Tennis, Chess and very soon, many more!

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/fastsportssociety/ Creative Society starts with Arts and Crafts and it goes beyond Music and Rhythms in FAST-NU, Lahore. It gives you a platform to perform and display your talent within the campus and participate in national competitions. Creative Society presents events such as the Welcome, Farewell, Art Gala, Musical Evenings (Concerts), Scavenger hunt and several other events within the campus to provide a colorful and delightful experience to the students.

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/FastCreativeSociety/ FAST Care is an initiative to help make this earth a better place by providing our care and support to those who are neglected by our society.
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up. Here at Fastcare, we intend to be a helping hand for unprivileged and distressed members of our community. Help us and join the cause for shaping our community into a better shape. We also welcome financial assistance and donations. Do donate! Even a small amount from you can make a big difference for someone. Feel free to reach us because of we at FAST care!


Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/FastCareSociety/ Student Chapter/Branch of ICE (Institution of Civil Engineers, UK) at FAST-NUCES Department of Civil Engineering Lahore campus, Pakistan.

The student chapter of Institution of Civil Engineers at NUCES Lahore. Purpose of the chapter is to enhance and broaden the knowledge and perspective of students at FAST-NU by giving them international Civil Engineering exposure.

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/ice.nuces/ ACM (Association for Computing Machinery) is an organization that brings together computing educators, researchers, and professionals to inspire dialogue, share resources, and address the field’s challenges. As the world’s largest computing society, ACM strengthens the profession’s collective voice through strong leadership, promotion of the highest standards, and recognition of technical excellence.

NUCES ACM Student Chapter is responsible for organizing all the programming, gaming, quizzes and other competitions that involve technology. We organize seminars, workshops and mapping parties to enhance computing as a science and technology.  We have successfully conducted FAST’s biggest event like ICPC Regional, GEEK WEEK and several others. Different institutions across Pakistan take the honor of becoming part of these mega-events. It’s a chance for ACM team as well to learn to their fill!!

Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/NUCES.ACM/ Follow us on:
https://www.facebook.com/fastbusinessclub/ Formed by NAB in 2019, the purpose of Character Building Society is to arrange activities to sensitize students to their social, ethical, and academic values and to act as whistleblowers against malpractices and corruption. CBS strengthens the character, polishes the internal capabilities, highlights the basic human rights and promotes positivity by arranging activities such as panel discussions, seminars, and awareness sessions. Stacks FAST Chapter, is the first university chapter of Stacks Pakistan. The main aim is to introduce the students to and strengthen the development on blockchain technology. 
This chapter wants to bring hackathons, bootcamps, cohorts and conferences to FAST and thus provide a platform for blockchain development. The main theme of  Idyllic Youth FAST NUCES is to contribute something for the development of Pakistan and especially the young generation by providing them a platform where they can develop and enhance their professional and  non-professional  skills.
We identify  young social entrepreneurs and enthusiasts ,who are passionate about making a positive change in the society. IYS get uniquely deep youth insights and a precious pool of young talent, energy and ideas and invites young people from all backgrounds to take part in contributing to a better world.


instagram handle:
Idyllic Youth Fast (@iyfast)

Facebook handle:
Idyllic Youth FAST - NUCES | Lahore | Facebook © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
March 27, 2024   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
March 27, 2024   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Nov. 4, 2024   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Nov. 4, 2024   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 The English language has spread to every corner of the globe. Today more than a billion people speak English. It is becoming the world's language: the language of the internet, of business, of international flight - the pathway of global communication and global access to knowledge. There is an ever-growing demand for teachers trained to teach the English language. It has become the vehicle for people to connect with each other, in countless ways. Indeed, English is much more than a language: it is a bridge across borders and cultures, a source of unity in a rapidly changing world. Program Objectives Award of Degree  This program isapproved by HEC  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 The English language has spread to every corner of the globe. Today more than a billion people speak English. It is becoming the world's language: the language of the internet, of business, of international flight - the pathway of global communication and global access to knowledge. There is an ever-growing demand for teachers trained to teach the English language. It has become the vehicle for people to connect with each other, in countless ways. Indeed, English is much more than a language: it is a bridge across borders and cultures, a source of unity in a rapidly changing world. Program Objectives Award of Degree  This program isapproved by HEC  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Nov. 4, 2024  On January 18, 2024, the Career Counseling Society (CCS) organized a carefully planned Industry Trip to Manafa Technologies. A diverse group comprising twenty-five students from batches 20 and 21, specializing in the departments of management and computing, were selected to participate in this insightful visit. The trip served served as a valuable bridge between academia and industry, providing students with a holistic understanding of the tech sector, fostering professionalconnections, and inspiring them to navigate their career journeys with confidence and purpose.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Nov. 4, 2024  On January 18, 2024, the Career Counseling Society (CCS) organized a carefully planned Industry Trip to Manafa Technologies. A diverse group comprising twenty-five students from batches 20 and 21, specializing in the departments of management and computing, were selected to participate in this insightful visit. The trip served served as a valuable bridge between academia and industry, providing students with a holistic understanding of the tech sector, fostering professionalconnections, and inspiring them to navigate their career journeys with confidence and purpose.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Bachelor of Business Administration BS (Business Analytics) BS (Accounting & Finance) MS (Accounting & Finance) Master of Business Administration MS (Business Analytics) PhD (Management Sciences) BS (Computer Science) BS (Data Science) BS (Software Engineering) MS (Computer Science) MS (Data Science) MS (Software Project Management) PhD (Computer Science) BS (Electrical Engineering) MS (Electrical Engineering) PhD (Electrical Engineering) BS (Civil Engineering) MS (Civil Engineering) PhD (Civil Engineering) MS (Mathematics) MS (English Language Teaching) MS (Applied Linguistics) PhD (Mathematics) As Director of Lahore Campus, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our website. I invite you to navigate our programs, research projects, events and also get familiarized with the faculty and staff who are vigorously engaged in making the campus a center of excellence. Located in the heart of Lahore, the campus is committed to impart quality education and contribute significantly in the nation-building. Our efforts are directed towards strengthening the liaison between the academics and the industry through entrepreneurial ventures and well-thought-out curricula. Life at campus provides students with opportunities to develop social and specialized skills for their professional fields and maintain the balance between high academic standards and extra-curricular activities. The academic environment at the campus encourages students to further their learning beyond the classroom to enhance general awareness and appreciate diversity. We attach great importance to the social and ethical values and strive to inculcate them in the overall learning experiences of our students. Among the pioneers in IT education, we pride ourselves on the diverse degree programs that the University offers keeping the latest trends in mind. The research-oriented approach and state-of-the-art infrastructure of the campus are dedicated to the quality of enhanced academic environments to produce future leaders.

Thank you for visiting our website. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
To achieve national and international recognition through innovation in civil engineering education, research, and community services To develop highly competent graduates with sound engineering knowledge, social responsibility, and lifelong learning skills enabling them for successful careers in the civil engineering profession. It is my privilege to welcome you to the Department of Civil Engineering at FAST-NUCES Lahore. Our dedicated faculty believes that our students not only need a sound knowledge of civil engineering concepts but also a profound exposure to practical knowledge through laboratories and field experience. We believe that modern-day engineers not just need the technical expertise and innovative skills but communication skills, management leadership, and ethical professionalism are also the mandatory tools. Therefore, our students are encouraged to engage in extra-curricular and co-curricular activities to nurture their managerial skills, team spirits and communication skills.
Our Civil Engineering program is structured around outcome-based education (OBE) in compliance with the Washington Accord (global standard on engineering education and accreditation system). We are committed to produce 21st century Civil Engineers who are capable to design civil infrastructures, processes and systems within realistic constraints to meet desired needs of the society. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Our graduates are expected to attain the following: PEO-1: Successfully engage in contemporary civil engineering practice to solve real-world problems. PEO-2: Pursue professional growth through continuous learning and experience PEO-3: Maintain high ethical standards in the conduct of professional practice PEO-4: Attain an increasing level of responsibility with interpersonal and communication skills  Graduate Attributes (GAs) / Program Learning Outcome (PLOs):Our BS Civil Engineering graduates will be able to:  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Our graduates are expected to attain the following: PEO-1: Successfully engage in contemporary civil engineering practice to solve real-world problems. PEO-2: Pursue professional growth through continuous learning and experience PEO-3: Maintain high ethical standards in the conduct of professional practice PEO-4: Attain an increasing level of responsibility with interpersonal and communication skills  Graduate Attributes (GAs) / Program Learning Outcome (PLOs):Our BS Civil Engineering graduates will be able to:  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Associate Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tauqir.ahmed@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor shahid.ali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor syed.ali@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.umar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aliraza.khalid@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave sarah.asif@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor umar.niazi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anns.tahir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.sharif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fahad.haseeb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mahnoor.akram@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.zahid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sania.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abdur.rehman@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abu.huraira@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer hamza.ali@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer kashif.hameed@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer umer.amin@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer maham.akram@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muhammad.zaid@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Associate Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tauqir.ahmed@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor shahid.ali@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor syed.ali@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.azam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.umar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aliraza.khalid@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave sarah.asif@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor umar.niazi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anns.tahir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer asim.sharif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fahad.haseeb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mahnoor.akram@nu.edu.pk Lecturer bilal.zahid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sania.khalid@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abdur.rehman@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer abu.huraira@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer hamza.ali@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer kashif.hameed@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer umer.amin@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer maham.akram@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muhammad.zaid@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
    © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
    © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
To achieve national and international recognition through innovation in civil engineering education, research, and community services To develop highly competent graduates with sound engineering knowledge, social responsibility, and lifelong learning skills enabling them for successful careers in the civil engineering profession. It is my privilege to welcome you to the Department of Civil Engineering at FAST-NUCES Lahore. Our dedicated faculty believes that our students not only need a sound knowledge of civil engineering concepts but also a profound exposure to practical knowledge through laboratories and field experience. We believe that modern-day engineers not just need the technical expertise and innovative skills but communication skills, management leadership, and ethical professionalism are also the mandatory tools. Therefore, our students are encouraged to engage in extra-curricular and co-curricular activities to nurture their managerial skills, team spirits and communication skills.
Our Civil Engineering program is structured around outcome-based education (OBE) in compliance with the Washington Accord (global standard on engineering education and accreditation system). We are committed to produce 21st century Civil Engineers who are capable to design civil infrastructures, processes and systems within realistic constraints to meet desired needs of the society. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 The Lahore Campus, spread over 12.5 acres, is located in Faisal Town which is the heart of greater Lahore. The campus consists of three blocks, which with their striking exterior brickwork and magnificent marble domes are a valuable addition to the rich architectural heritage of Lahore. The facilities consist of fully air-conditioned purpose-built classrooms equipped with teaching aids, and a number of computing and engineering laboratories. The Engineering labs comprise Electronics, Digital Systems, Embedded Controls, Antenna and Microwave, Microprocessors, and Communications Labs. The computing labs consist of database, programming, software engineering, and computer application labs. The latest computers, workstations, and services having LINUX and Windows-based environments are also readily available for the usage of students. The whole campus is fully equipped with high-speed Local Area Network and the latest wireless hotspots. Moreover, there is an Auditorium, Seminar Hall, Cafeteria, separate Boys & Girls Common Rooms and offices of different students’ societies. In addition, a spacious computerized library with over 21,000 books and 57 international journals/ magazines provides students and faculty to have access to diverse up-to-date information resources. The library of Lahore Campus is the second library in Pakistan which has its library Catalogue accessible through Library of Congress Gateway. Union Catalogue of the libraries of all the five campuses of the University is also accessible through Library of Congress Gateway, which is first of its kind in the whole of South Asia and is a model for library cooperation amongst the Pakistani libraries. The campus has facilities for both indoor and outdoor sports facilities and playgrounds for Football, Volleyball, Badminton, Cricket, Basketball, Lawn Tennis, Table Tennis, and Jogging. Off-campus arrangements have been made for Swimming, Rowing, and Athletics. In addition to the University-sponsored financial assistance and scholarships, Lahore Campus also receives scholarships for 10 meritorious students from different Boards of Intermediate and Secondary Education and Punjab Information Technology Board.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 The Lahore Campus, spread over 12.5 acres, is located in Faisal Town which is the heart of greater Lahore. The campus consists of three blocks, which with their striking exterior brickwork and magnificent marble domes are a valuable addition to the rich architectural heritage of Lahore. The facilities consist of fully air-conditioned purpose-built classrooms equipped with teaching aids, and a number of computing and engineering laboratories. The Engineering labs comprise Electronics, Digital Systems, Embedded Controls, Antenna and Microwave, Microprocessors, and Communications Labs. The computing labs consist of database, programming, software engineering, and computer application labs. The latest computers, workstations, and services having LINUX and Windows-based environments are also readily available for the usage of students. The whole campus is fully equipped with high-speed Local Area Network and the latest wireless hotspots. Moreover, there is an Auditorium, Seminar Hall, Cafeteria, separate Boys & Girls Common Rooms and offices of different students’ societies. In addition, a spacious computerized library with over 21,000 books and 57 international journals/ magazines provides students and faculty to have access to diverse up-to-date information resources. The library of Lahore Campus is the second library in Pakistan which has its library Catalogue accessible through Library of Congress Gateway. Union Catalogue of the libraries of all the five campuses of the University is also accessible through Library of Congress Gateway, which is first of its kind in the whole of South Asia and is a model for library cooperation amongst the Pakistani libraries. The campus has facilities for both indoor and outdoor sports facilities and playgrounds for Football, Volleyball, Badminton, Cricket, Basketball, Lawn Tennis, Table Tennis, and Jogging. Off-campus arrangements have been made for Swimming, Rowing, and Athletics. In addition to the University-sponsored financial assistance and scholarships, Lahore Campus also receives scholarships for 10 meritorious students from different Boards of Intermediate and Secondary Education and Punjab Information Technology Board.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Bachelor of Business Administration BS (Business Analytics) BS (Accounting & Finance) MS (Accounting & Finance) Master of Business Administration MS (Business Analytics) PhD (Management Sciences) BS (Computer Science) BS (Data Science) BS (Software Engineering) MS (Computer Science) MS (Data Science) MS (Software Project Management) PhD (Computer Science) BS (Electrical Engineering) MS (Electrical Engineering) PhD (Electrical Engineering) BS (Civil Engineering) MS (Civil Engineering) PhD (Civil Engineering) MS (Mathematics) MS (English Language Teaching) MS (Applied Linguistics) PhD (Mathematics) As Director of Lahore Campus, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our website. I invite you to navigate our programs, research projects, events and also get familiarized with the faculty and staff who are vigorously engaged in making the campus a center of excellence. Located in the heart of Lahore, the campus is committed to impart quality education and contribute significantly in the nation-building. Our efforts are directed towards strengthening the liaison between the academics and the industry through entrepreneurial ventures and well-thought-out curricula. Life at campus provides students with opportunities to develop social and specialized skills for their professional fields and maintain the balance between high academic standards and extra-curricular activities. The academic environment at the campus encourages students to further their learning beyond the classroom to enhance general awareness and appreciate diversity. We attach great importance to the social and ethical values and strive to inculcate them in the overall learning experiences of our students. Among the pioneers in IT education, we pride ourselves on the diverse degree programs that the University offers keeping the latest trends in mind. The research-oriented approach and state-of-the-art infrastructure of the campus are dedicated to the quality of enhanced academic environments to produce future leaders.

Thank you for visiting our website. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) works on implementing internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of NUCES-FAST. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC/ NUCES-FAST Head Office guidelines. Currently NUCES-FAST QEC is a member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) and American Society for Quality (ASQ). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with the international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, NUCES-FAST QEC also participates in their international events, as a significant contributor and participant. Support the university’s vision by adapting best practices suggested by accreditation bodies while conforming with the university policies. Adapt existing state-of-the-art higher education quality improvement strategies, while engaging with all stakeholders Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437 QEC Officer mudassar.awan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 513 Details of Self Assessment Processes List of Program Teams List of Assessment Teams The institutional performance evaluation process consists of a University Portfolio Report and a team visit. IPE process that take place periodically is of vital importance to all universities that desire to meet international standards.Various performance evaluation standards outlining major areas to be focused on by the HEIs for evaluation of their effectiveness and future development are given below: </br/> Details of Cycles of MS/PhD Program Review List of Review Panel  No Program Year Accreditation Council Status of Accreditation BS(EE) 2021 PEC  BS (CE) 2022 PEC  BS(CS) 2022 NCEAC  BS (DS) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BS (SE) 2021 NCEAC (Zero Visit)  BBA 2021 NBEAC  MBA 2021 NBEAC  Following is the list of approvals issued by HEC for various graduate programs: Board of Governors (BoG) Academic Council (AC) Board of Advance Studies & Research (BASR) Board of Faculty (BOF) Board of Studies (BOS) Finance & Planning Committee Selection Board International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE) American Society for Quality (ASQ) List of Organized Events List of Participated Events 1. Faculty Satisfaction Survey The purpose of this survey is to assess faculty members’ satisfaction level and the effectiveness of programs in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. 2. Faculty Course Review Report This form has to be filled by each instructor at the time of course completion on Flex. Form consists of questions like course evaluation, curriculum, assessment etc. 3. Graduating Feedback The survey seeks graduating students’ input on the quality of education they received in their program and the level of preparation they had at university. 4. Student Course and Teacher Evaluation Student Course & Teacher Evaluation report is prepared on the basis of feedback given by students to faculty members at the end of each semester on Flex. Main dimensions of the report include: 5. Alumni Survey The purpose of this survey is to get feedback on the quality of education received, the level of preparation and overall experience Alumni had at University during their degree program. 6. Employer Feedback Survey This survey is designed to obtain employers input on the quality of education and the quality of the academic program the University is providing to its students. The survey contains questions about knowledge, communication skills, interpersonal skills, etc. 7. Research student progress review form ThThis survey has to be filled out by MS/PhD Research Students on six monthly basis. This survey is designed to monitor the progress of research students. 8. Staff Satisfaction Survey The purpose of the survey is to assess staff member’s satisfaction level and the effectiveness of work in place to help them progress and excel in their profession. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Oct. 16, 2024  Last date for submission of applications is extended to October 18, 2024.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Oct. 16, 2024  Last date for submission of applications is extended to October 18, 2024.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
To be recognized among the top five departments of Electrical Engineering in Pakistan, producing next generation of engineers who are motivated in applying engineering concepts to solve real-life problems in an ethically, socially and economically responsible way. The mission of Electrical Engineering Department is to: develop nurturing environment for delivering quality engineering education through discovery and innovation; show commitment and dedication to teaching by developing state of the art curriculum, grounded in scientific, mathematical and technical knowledge that emphasizes practical applications and provides opportunities for hands-on experience; develop attitude for lifelong learning and instill ethical and social values in our graduates that helps them acquire professional leadership; act as center of excellence to identify the problems of national industry and to develop innovative solutions. It is my pleasure to introduce the Department of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore campus which offers the state-of-the-art engineering education through its well-designed under- graduate and graduate courses with the aim to prepare competent engineers for the market. Established since 2002, the department offers the following programs: · BS in Electrical Engineering (specializations in Electronics, Computer, Telecommunication, and Power), · MS in Electrical Engineering, and · PhD in Electrical Engineering. The department is dedicated to stay at the forefront of advances in research and development with a commitment to achieve its vision of producing the next generation of engineers who are motivated in applying engineering concepts to solve real-world problems in an ethically, socially and economically responsible way. The department provides students with high quality engineering education and multifaceted skills, which prepare them to excel in their professional lives and to play a pivotal role in improving and strengthening the society. We take pride in our highly professional, qualified and experienced faculty, diverse degree programs, state-of-the-art laboratories, infrastructure, research accomplishments, and successful alumni excelling in notable organizations nation and world-wide. We have research centers/groups working in the domains of optical and wireless communications, computer networking and Internet of Things, smart power grid and renewable energy, and engineering cybernetics with applications in robotics and control engineering. These groups focus on producing quality research and innovative prototypes in the aforesaid fields. The department has well-equipped laboratories that cover all the sub-areas of electrical engineering. The department continuously upgrades these laboratories with highly sophisticated and latest equipment to assist students in conducting the practical experiments. The department maintains strong industry-academia linkages through seminars and talks, training workshops, recruitment drives, industrial tours, and competitions and events where students get a chance to compete and showcase their achievements and interact with distinguished industry professionals and notable alumni. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
To be recognized among the top five departments of Electrical Engineering in Pakistan, producing next generation of engineers who are motivated in applying engineering concepts to solve real-life problems in an ethically, socially and economically responsible way. The mission of Electrical Engineering Department is to: develop nurturing environment for delivering quality engineering education through discovery and innovation; show commitment and dedication to teaching by developing state of the art curriculum, grounded in scientific, mathematical and technical knowledge that emphasizes practical applications and provides opportunities for hands-on experience; develop attitude for lifelong learning and instill ethical and social values in our graduates that helps them acquire professional leadership; act as center of excellence to identify the problems of national industry and to develop innovative solutions. It is my pleasure to introduce the Department of Electrical Engineering, FAST-NU, Lahore campus which offers the state-of-the-art engineering education through its well-designed under- graduate and graduate courses with the aim to prepare competent engineers for the market. Established since 2002, the department offers the following programs: · BS in Electrical Engineering (specializations in Electronics, Computer, Telecommunication, and Power), · MS in Electrical Engineering, and · PhD in Electrical Engineering. The department is dedicated to stay at the forefront of advances in research and development with a commitment to achieve its vision of producing the next generation of engineers who are motivated in applying engineering concepts to solve real-world problems in an ethically, socially and economically responsible way. The department provides students with high quality engineering education and multifaceted skills, which prepare them to excel in their professional lives and to play a pivotal role in improving and strengthening the society. We take pride in our highly professional, qualified and experienced faculty, diverse degree programs, state-of-the-art laboratories, infrastructure, research accomplishments, and successful alumni excelling in notable organizations nation and world-wide. We have research centers/groups working in the domains of optical and wireless communications, computer networking and Internet of Things, smart power grid and renewable energy, and engineering cybernetics with applications in robotics and control engineering. These groups focus on producing quality research and innovative prototypes in the aforesaid fields. The department has well-equipped laboratories that cover all the sub-areas of electrical engineering. The department continuously upgrades these laboratories with highly sophisticated and latest equipment to assist students in conducting the practical experiments. The department maintains strong industry-academia linkages through seminars and talks, training workshops, recruitment drives, industrial tours, and competitions and events where students get a chance to compete and showcase their achievements and interact with distinguished industry professionals and notable alumni. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Smart Networking Research Group (SNRG) was formally established in year 2012 under the directorship and supervision of Dr. Saima Zafar. The primary objective of the research group is to enhance research activities in Computer Networks and related emerging fields. Since then, the group has been a significant contributor to research and development in the field of network protocol design, clustering, data-center networking, wireless communications and wireless sensor networks, Internet of … At the optical wireless research centre, we are dedicated to pushing the boundaries of wireless communications technology. We strive to revolutionize the way data is transmitted, leveraging the power of light waves. Our interdisciplinary team of experts, including engineers, scientists and technologists, collaborate to conduct ground-breaking research and develop cutting-edge solutions to address the challenges faced by the optical wireless industry. With the focus on optical wireless communication systems, visible … The Engineering Cybernetics Research Group (ECRG)offers a platform for conducting research in the field of cybernetics focused on its applications in control engineering and robotics. The group, headed by Dr. Omer Saleem, is involved in undertaking research and senior-year project work in developing robust-optimal and self-adaptive control procedures for under-actuated mechatronic systems, robots, and energy-conversion systems. The designed control systems are rigorously tested and validated by using experimental platforms … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 At the optical wireless research centre, we are dedicated to pushing the boundaries of wireless communications technology. We strive to revolutionize the way data is transmitted, leveraging the power of light waves. Our interdisciplinary team of experts, including engineers, scientists and technologists, collaborate to conduct ground-breaking research and develop cutting-edge solutions to address the challenges faced by the optical wireless industry. With the focus on optical wireless communication systems, visible light communication, Li-Fi technology and optical wireless networking, we aim to drive innovation and create a future where fast, secure and efficient wireless communication is accessible to all. Our research aims to significantly impact various industries including telecommunication. Automotive, healthcare and smart cities.  Members Students (with significant contributions) Project Title: Characterization of optical attenuation due to smog for ground-to-ground link Abstract:For the past few years, we have observed that the smog engulfs many parts of North Punjab to a very unhealthy level and causes low visibility. Smog is actually a mixture of smoke and fog which has a drastic effect on the outage of the FSO link. Now its need of the hour to study the effects of smog on optical link and how it’s different from that of fog. The research will be conducted to observe measurements for very particular Lahore smog and present an analysis on the link margins. Telecom industry demands for five nines performance which refers to availability of services for 99.999% of the time. Currently, no analytical data is present for smog attenuation and how close to five nines can this system work. This ongoing research is an extension of previously completed work at “Graz University of Technology Institute of Broadband communications” for fog environment. Now the idea is to analyze system based on the same parameters for Lahore’s smog and compare its results with the previous conducted research on fog. During experiment, two independent light emitting diodes (LED) based light sources are used, operating at 850nm and 1550nm. Light sources uses On-Off key modulation to driver electronic circuit. While measuring data for link availability, factors like temperature and visibility are considered. Theses Performance Analysis of RS Encoded PPM and Self Synchronized RS Encoded PPM in FSO (2021) Comparison Analysis of log-normal, gamma-gamma and exponentiated Weibull fading model for Free Space Optical links (2020) Optical Intensity Estimation in Free Space Optical Communications Using Array of Detectors (2019) Visible Light Communications based positioning using Best Linear Unbiased Estimator (BLUE) (2019) Performance Analysis of Hybrid FSO / RF System (2018) Micro-inverter Design for Islanded Micro-grid Applications (2018) Implementation of Smart Grid Features using Power Line Communications (PLC). (2017) Maximum Likelihood Estimator for Gamma-Gamma Turbulent Model (2017) Publications M.A. Umair, H. Khalid, S.M. Sajid, H.E. Nistazakis, “Gaussian-Shaped Free-Space Optical Beam Intensity Estimation in Detector Arrays,” MDPI Photonics, vol.10, no.8, August 2023. H. Khalid, H.E. Nistazakis, S. Sheikh Muhammad, A.D. Raza, "Outage Performance Estimation of a MISO FSO System with OOK Signaling and Alamouti Type Space-Time Coding," MDPI Electronics, vol.11, no. 2, July 2022. M. Salman Bashir and S. Sheikh Muhammad, “Time Synchronization in Photon Limited Deep Space Optical Communications,” IEEE Transactions on Aerospace & Electronic Systems, vol. 56, No.1, February 2020. N. A. Androutsos, N. E. Nistazakis, H. Khalid, Muhammad SS, Tombras GS, "Serial DF Relayed FSO Links over Mixture Gamma Turbulence Channels and Nonzero Boresight Spatial Jitter," MDPI Computation, vol. 7, no. 3, 2019. H. Khalid, S. Sheikh Muhammad, H.E. Nistazakis, and G.S. Tombras, “Performance Analysis of Hard-Switching Based Hybrid FSO/RF System over Turbulence Channels,” MDPI Computation, vol.7, no. 2, June 2019. A. Choudhry and S. Sheikh Muhammad, “Performance Analysis of RS Encoded and Self-synchronizing RS Encoded PPM through a Gamma-Gamma Channel,” Optical Wireless Communication Conference (OWCC), Netherlands, November 2022. M. Ghauri, S. Sheikh Muhammad and E. Leitgeb, “Analysis of Continental Fog Micro-physical Parameters: Effect of PSA on Optical Attenuation,” Proceedings at the 15th International Conference on Telecommunications (ConTEL), Graz, Austria, 3rd–5thJuly, 2019. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Smart Networking Research Group (SNRG) was formally established in year 2012 under the directorship and supervision of Dr. Saima Zafar. The primary objective of the research group is to enhance research activities in Computer Networks and related emerging fields. Since then, the group has been a significant contributor to research and development in the field of network protocol design, clustering, data-center networking, wireless communications and wireless sensor networks, Internet of … At the optical wireless research centre, we are dedicated to pushing the boundaries of wireless communications technology. We strive to revolutionize the way data is transmitted, leveraging the power of light waves. Our interdisciplinary team of experts, including engineers, scientists and technologists, collaborate to conduct ground-breaking research and develop cutting-edge solutions to address the challenges faced by the optical wireless industry. With the focus on optical wireless communication systems, visible … The Engineering Cybernetics Research Group (ECRG)offers a platform for conducting research in the field of cybernetics focused on its applications in control engineering and robotics. The group, headed by Dr. Omer Saleem, is involved in undertaking research and senior-year project work in developing robust-optimal and self-adaptive control procedures for under-actuated mechatronic systems, robots, and energy-conversion systems. The designed control systems are rigorously tested and validated by using experimental platforms … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Smart Networking Research Group (SNRG) was formally established in year 2012 under the directorship and supervision of Dr. Saima Zafar. The primary objective of the research group is to enhance research activities in Computer Networks and related emerging fields. Since then, the group has been a significant contributor to research and development in the field of network protocol design, clustering, data-center networking, wireless communications and wireless sensor networks, Internet of Things and its applications, integration of Internet of Things with blockchain and cloud computing, demand side management in smart grid, and applications of machine learning in networking. Around 20 final year projects, and 21 Masters Theses have been completed, and PhD work is in progress. Around 40 research publications in reputed international journals and conferences are credited to this research group. A funded research project titled “Artificial intelligence-based real-time classification of ECG signal for diagnosis of cardiovascular disease” is in progress. The project has won multiple competitions, and has been shortlisted for IGNITE funding.  Members Dr. Saima Zafar, Director, SNRG and Principal Investigator Dr. Ali Hammad Akbar, Collaborator and Co-Principal Investigator Feroz Ahmed, Research Assistant Mohammad Ahmed Khan, Research Assistant Amna Ehsan, PhD student Students (with significant contributions) Feroz Ahmed Usman Ayub Syed Faseeh Ul Hassan Hafiza Maliha Shabbir Khushbakt Munir Bhatti Hira Khalid Chaudhry Fahad Ali Rana Hamza Ayub Bilal Hasani Sana Jabbar Selected Projects and Theses Artificial intelligence-based real-time classification of ECG signal for diagnosis of cardiovascular disease(2023) Internet of Things, cloud computing, and machine learning-based non-invasive Diabetes Management System (2023) Load forecasting for smart grid using deep learning techniques(2022) Securing Internet of Things network using blockchain Hyperledger Fabric technology (2022) Exploring In-depth features of Azure IoT through implementation of telemetry data application (2022) Unreal Engine and artificial intelligence-based real-time Digital Home Assistant (2022) Evaluating optimal duration of PSM & eDRX timers for NB-IoT devices (2021) Temperature supervision of Covid-19 vaccine supply chain using blockchain (2021) Internet of Things Based Smart Pandemic Management System Underlining Covid-19 (2021) Internet of Things-based Vehicle Tracking and Monitoring System (2021) Permissioned automobile manufacturing value chain through blockchain (2020) Blockchain based security for Internet of Things healthcare application (2020) SHA-3 algorithm-based authentication scheme for VANETs (2020) Performance analysis of Narrow Band Internet of Things (NB-IoT) deployment modes (2020) Hierarchical clustering in 5G MIMO-based future Internet of Things (2020) Design and analysis of Demand Side Management in Smart Grid (2019) Auto-scaling of Virtual Network Functions in a cloud-based environment (2019) Propagation channel characterization for 28 GHz & 36 GHz millimeter-wave 5G frequency band (2019) Performance analysis and optimization of RPL in mobile wireless sensor networks (2019) Calculating the cortical thickness of brain for optimal transcranial direct current stimulation (2019) Layout optimization of wireless sensor network using meta-heuristic algorithms (2019) Remote Heart Beat Monitoring System (2019) An IoT based real-time environmental monitoring system using Arduino and cloud service (2018) Inter-cluster communication in wireless sensor networks (2017) Throughput and Delay Analysis of AODV, DSDV and DSR Routing Protocols in Mobile Ad Hoc Networks (2016) On Comparison of TCP Variants with respect to Throughput and Fairness (2016) Comparing AODV and DSR Routing Protocols for Connectivity Restoration in Wireless Sensor Networks (2016) Performance analysis of DCTCP on data centre networks (2015) Elastic Tree with adaptive link rate to reduce energy consumption in data centre networks (2015) Effective communication mechanism for Neighbourhood Area Network in Smart Grid (2014) Connectivity restoration in sensor networks through collaborative network Architecture (2014) Performance evaluation of routing protocols for mobile ad hoc networks (2013) Delay analysis of MANET routing protocols (2012) Selected Publications F. Ahmad and S. Zafar, "SoC-Based Implementation of 1D Convolutional Neural Network for 3-Channel ECG Arrhythmia Classification via HLS4ML," IEEE Embedded Systems Letters, 2024.https://doi.org/10.1109/LES.2024.3354-81(Published in the Early Access) (IF: 1.6) S. Zafar, U. Ayub, H. I. Alkhammash, N. Ullah, “Framework for Efficient Auto-Scaling of Virtual Network Functions in a Cloud Environment,”Sensors, 22, 7597. 2022. https://doi.org/10.3390/s22197597 (IF: 3.847) S. Zafar, S. F. U. Hassan, A. Mohammad, A. A. Al-Ahmadi, N. Ullah, “Implementation of a Distributed Framework for Permissioned Blockchain-Based Secure Automotive Supply Chain Management,”Sensors, 22, 7367. 2022 https://doi.org/10.3390/s22197367 (IF: 3.847) S. Zafar, K. M. Bhatti, M. Shabbir, F. Hashmat, A. H. Akbar, “Integration of Blockchain and Internet of Things: Challenges and Solutions.”Annals of Telecommunications, 77:1-2:13-32. 2022 https://doi.org/10.1007/s12243-021-00858-8 (IF: 1.444) S. Zafar, H. Khalid, “Free Space Optical Networks: Applications, Challenges and Research Directions,”Wireless Personal Communications, 21:1:429-457. 2021 https://doi.org/10.1007/s11277-021-08644-4 (IF: 1.671) S. A. Hashmi, C. F. Ali, S. Zafar, “Internet of things and cloud computing-based energy management system for demand side management in smart grid.”International Journal of Energy Research, 45:1:1007-1022. 2021. https://doi.org/10.1002/er.6141. (IF: 5.164) S. Zafar, A. Bashir, S. A. Chaudhry, “Mobility-Aware Hierarchical Clustering in Mobile Wireless Sensor Networks,”IEEE Access, 2019. 7:20394-20403. https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2019.2896938. (IF: 3.367) S. Zafar, S. A. Chaudhry, S. Kiran, “Adaptive TrimTree: Green data center network through resource consolidation, selective connectedness and energy proportional computing,”Energies, 2016. 9(10):797. https://doi.org/10.3390/en9100797. (IF: 3.004) S. Zafar, A. Bashir, S. A. Chaudhry, “On implementation of DCTCP on three-tier and fat-tree data center network topologies,”SpringerPlus2016, 5:766. https://doi.org/10.1186/s40064-016-2454-4. (IF: 1.780) S. Jabbar, A. H. Akbar, S. Zafar, M. M. Quddoos, M. Hussain, “VISTA: Achieving cumulative vision through energy efficient silhouette recognition of mobile targets through collaboration of visual sensor nodes”,Springer EURASIP Journal on Image and Video Processing, 2014, 2014:32. https://doi.org/10.1186/1687-5281-2014-32. (IF: 1.789) B. Hasani, S. Zafar, A. H. Akbar, B. A. Magsi, “Collaborative routing and data dissemination architecture for commercial wireless sensor networks”,Springer EURASIP Journal on Wireless Communications and Networking2013, 2013:54. https://doi.org/10.1186/1687-1499-2013-54. (IF: 1.408) S. Zafar, A. H. Akbar, S. Jabbar, “A gating mechanism for border node assisted association of Wireless Personal Area Networks,”SpringerPlus2012, 1:12. https://doi.org/10.1186/2193-1801-1-12. (IF: 1.780) S. Zafar, A. H. Akbar, S. Jabbar, N. M. Sheikh, “SET - Session layer-assisted Efficient TCP management architecture for 6LoWPAN with multiple gateways”Springer EURASIP Journal on Wireless Communications and Networking2010, Volume 2010, Article ID 936457, 20 pages. https://doi.org/10.1155/2010/936457. (IF: 1.408) M. H. Farooq, M. Zain, M. B. Khalid, S. Zafar, “Easy-Weigh-Out: Design and Implementation of Internet of Things-based Smart Luggage System”,International Journal of Online and Biomedical Engineering, 2021. 17(3):37-48. https://online-journals.org/index.php/i-joe/article/view/17165/8809 M. F. Shafeeq, A. H. Akbar, S. Zafar, “SNAG: Collaborative Routing Architecture for Sensor-based Information at SMS Gateway in Cellular Networks,”International Journal of Wireless Information Networks, 2019. pp. 1-18. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10776-019-00451-w. S. Zafar, G. Miraj, R. Baloch, D. Murtaza, K. Arshad, “An IoT based real-time environmental monitoring system using Arduino and cloud service,”Engineering, Technology & Applied Science Research, 2018. 8(4):3238-3242. https://doi.org/10.48084/etasr.2144 S. Zafar, U. Ejaz, “SCTP-aware Link Layer Retransmission Mechanism for Smart-grid Communication Network,”Engineering Technology & Applied Science Research, 2016. 6(4):1093-1098. https://doi.org/10.48084/etasr.685 S. Shahid, S. Zafar, M. Imam, M. U. Chishtee, and H. Ehsan, “Remote Heart Beat Monitoring System,”NFC IEFR Journal of Engineering and Scientific Research, 2019. 7(1):5-10. http://nijesr.com/ojs/index.php/archive/article/view/247. Y. Abbas, S. Zafar, A. H. Akbar, “SNS: Architecture for Sensor Network-based Services via Internet Service Provider,”Pakistan Journal of Engineering & Applied Sciences, 2019. 24:97-109. https://journal.uet.edu.pk/ojs_old/index.php/pjeas/article/view/1660/318. S. Zafar, A. H. Akbar, “Inter-cluster communication in wireless sensor networks,”International Journal of Computer Networks and Communications Security,” 2017. 5(1):1-6. https://www.ijcncs.org/published/volume5/issue1/p1_5-1.pdf. S. Zafar, K. Taj, A. H. Akbar, K. Kim, “Comparing AODV and DSR Routing Protocols for Connectivity Restoration in Wireless Sensor Networks,”International Journal of Computer Science and Information Security, 2016. 14(9):554-560. M. A. Khan, Z. Nauman, M. Farooq, and S. Zafar, “Internet of Things and machine learning-based Diabetes Management System,” 2023 International Conference on IT and Industrial Technologies (ICIT 2023), Chinniot-Faisalabad, Pakistan, 2023, (accepted) T. Ramzan and S. Zafar, "Blockchain-based Security for Internet of Medical Things Application," 2022 International Conference on Cyber Warfare and Security (ICCWS), Islamabad, Pakistan, 2022, pp. 69-74, doi: 10.1109/ICCWS56285.2022.9998443. S. Zafar and S. Saleem, "Propagation Channel Characterization of 28 GHz and 36 GHz Millimeter-Waves for 5G Cellular Networks," 2022 International Conference on Emerging Trends in Electrical, Control, and Telecommunication Engineering (ETECTE), Lahore, Pakistan, 2022, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/ETECTE55893.2022.10007312. S. Jawad, H. Munsif, A. Azam, A. H. Ilahi and S. Zafar, "Internet of Things-based Vehicle Tracking and Monitoring System," 2021 15th International Conference on Open Source Systems and Technologies (ICOSST), 15-16 December 2021, Al-Khawarizmi Institute of Computer Science, UET Lahore, Pakistan. pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/ICOSST53930.2021.9683883. A. Iqbal and S. Zafar, "SHA-3 Algorithm-based Authentication Scheme for Vehicular Ad-hoc Networks," 2021 2nd Annual International Conference on Cyber Warfare and Security (ICCWS), 23-24 November 2021, NCCS, Islamabad, Pakistan. pp. 16-23, doi: 10.1109/ICCWS53234.2021.9703025. A. Mahmood, S. Zafar, “Performance analysis of NarrowBand Internet of Things (NB-IoT) deployment modes,” 2019 22nd International Multitopic Conference (INMIC) 29-30 Nov, 2019, FAST NU Islamabad, Pakistan. https://doi.org/10.1109/INMIC48123.2019.9022748. M. Qasim, S. Zafar, “Performance evaluation of BEEM clustering algorithm in Mobile Wireless Sensor Networks,” 2019 22nd International Multitopic Conference (INMIC) 29-30 Nov, 2019, FAST NU Islamabad, Pakistan. https://doi.org/10.1109/INMIC48123.2019.9022739. S. Zafar, A. H. Akbar, M. Amjad, S. Shams, S. A. Chaudhry, J. Seuk, B. Roh, K. H. Kim, “BRIDGE: BoRder-node assistance for common Interest-based Diffusion through a Gating mEchanism for collocated WPANs”, Proceedings of 6th International Conference on Emerging Technologies ICET, 11-13 October 2010, Islamabad, Pakistan. S. Zafar, S. Jabbar, A. H. Akbar, N. M. Sheikh, “Staggered-TCP for parallel split-sessions across multiple proxies in heterogeneous networks”, 2010 5th International Conference on Future Information Technology, FutureTech 2010, 21-23 May 2010, Busan, South Korea. https://doi.org/10.1109/FUTURETECH.2010.5482728. S. Zafar, W. Younis, N. M. Sheikh, “The Compensation of Head Motion Artifacts Using an Infrared Tracking System and an Algorithm in CT (Computerized Tomography) Imaging”, 2007 International Conference on Electrical Engineering, April 11-12, 2007, Lahore, Pakistan. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICEE.2007.4287347. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 TheEngineering Cybernetics Research Group (ECRG)offers a platform for conducting research in the field of cybernetics focused on its applications in control engineering and robotics.The group, headed by Dr. Omer Saleem, is involved in undertaking research and senior-year project work in developing robust-optimal and self-adaptive control procedures for under-actuated mechatronic systems, robots, and energy-conversion systems. The designed control systems are rigorously tested and validated by using experimental platforms; such as, mobile robots, self-balancing robots, ball-on-a-beam system, ball-on-a-plate balancing system, rotary-inverted pendulum, DC motor setup, DC-DC converters, aero-pendulums, CNC manufacturing machines, and robotic manipulators etc. The group also works in the domain of intelligent control system design and its application in robotics, bio-mechatronics, and wireless sensor/actuator networks. The research team consists of FYP, MS and PhD Thesis students, along with faculty members.  Members Students (with significant contributions) Projects Fully Automated Central Lathe Machine 2 DoF Ball-on-Plate Balancing Control System Feedback Control of ZVS Induction Heating Machine Stabilization & Steering Control of a Self-balancing Bicycle Autonomous Lawn Mower (Ignite Funded) Anti-Dozing Device for Drivers (Cliented by: NHMP, Pakistan) Retrofitting Level-3 Autonomy to Older Cars Smart Self-Adaptive Portable Ventilator Machine IoT-based Hospital Bed Occupancy Management System SLAM-based Autonomous Robot for Industrial Workspaces COVID-19 SOPs Monitoring & Management System using AI-managed Embedded Computer Vision Nonlinear-Type Hierarchical Self-Adaptive State-Feedback Control Strategies for Under-actuated Mechatronic Systems Theses Optimization of Output-Voltage Regulation Capability of Boost Converter using Closed-Loop Feedback Control Scheme (2019) Development of a Ball-on-a-Beam Balancing Control System (2021) Control Optimization of Photovoltaic DC-DC Buck-Boost Converter via weighted Combination of linear Controllers (2022) Enhanced Regulation Control of interleaved Boost Converter for Wind Energy Systems (2022) Publications Omer Saleem, Mohsin Rizwan, Khalid Mahmood-ul-Hasan, Muaaz Ahmad, Performance Enhancement of Multivariable Model-Reference Optimal Adaptive Motor Speed Controller using Error-Dependent Hyperbolic Gain Functions, Automatika, 61(01), pp. 117-131, 2020. DOI:10.1080/00051144.2019.16. Omer Saleem, Khalid Mahmood-Ul-Hasan, Indirect Adaptive State-Feedback Control of Rotary Inverted Pendulum Using Self-Mutating Hyperbolic-Functions for Online Cost Variation, IEEE ACCESS, 08(01), pp. 91236 - 91247, 2020. DOI: 10.1109/ACCESS.2020.2994830. Omer Saleem, MohsinRizwan, ILC-Adapted parameter optimization of cross-coupled single-input fuzzy tracking controllers for an X-Y positioning table, Journal of the Chinese Institute of Engineers, 43 (06), pp. 519-531, 2020. DOI: 10.1080/02533839.2020.1771209. Omer Saleem, FahimGoharAwan, Khalid Mehmood-ul-Hasan, Muaaz Ahmad, Self-adaptive Fractional-order LQ-PID Voltage Controller forRobust Disturbance Compensation in DC-DC Buck Converters, International Journal of Numerical Modelling: Electronic Networks, Devices and Fields, 33 (04), pp. 1-18, 2020. DOI: 10.1002/jnm.2718. Omer Saleem, Mohsin Rizwan, Agha Ali Zeb, Abdul Hanan Ali, Muhammad Ahmad Saleem, Online Adaptive PID Tracking Control of an Aero-Pendulum using PSO-Scaled Fuzzy Gain Adjustment Mechanism, Soft Computing, 24(14), pp. 10629–10643, 2020. DOI: 10.1007/s00500-019-04568-1. Sheroze Liaquat, Muhammad Salman Fakhar, Syed Abdul Rehman Kashif, Akhtar Rasool, Omer Saleem, Sanjeevi kumar Padmanaban, "Performance Analysis of APSO and Firefly Algorithm for Short Term Optimal Scheduling of Multi-Generation Hybrid Energy System," IEEE ACCESS, 08(01), pp. 177549 - 177569, 2020. DOI: 10.1109/ACCESS.2020.3027436. Omer Saleem, Khalid Mahmood-ul-Hasan, Mohsin Rizwan, “Self-Tuning State-Feedback Control of Rotary Pendulum via Online Adaptive Reconfiguration of Control Penalty-Factor,” Journal of Control Engineering and Applied Informatics, vol. 22, no. 04, pp. 23-33, Dec. 2020. Omer Saleem, Mohsin Rizwan, Khalid Mahmood-ul-Hasan, “Self-tuning State-Feedback Control of a Rotary Pendulum System using Adjustable Degree-of-Stability Design,” Automatika, vol. 62, no. 01, pp. 84-97, Jan. 2021. DOI: 10.1080/00051144.2020.1864186. Omer Saleem, Khalid Mahmood-ul-Hasan, “Adaptive State-space Control of Under-actuated Systems Using Error-magnitude Dependent Self-tuning of Cost Weighting-factors,” International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems, vol. 19, no. 02, 931 - 941, March 2021. DOI: 10.1007/s12555-020-0209-z. Omer Saleem, Khalid Mahmood-ul-Hasan, “Hierarchical Adaptive Control of Self-Stabilizing Electromechanical Systems using Artificial-Immune Self-Tuning Mechanism for State Weighting-Factor,” Journal of Mechanical Science and Technology, vol. 35, no. 03, pp. 1-15, Mar. 2021. Sheroze Liaquat, Muhammad Salman Fakhar, Syed Abdul Rahman Kashif, Akhtar Rasool, Omer Saleem, Muhammad Zia, Sanjeevi kumar Padmanaban, “Application of Dynamically Search Space Squeezed Modified Firefly Algorithm to a Novel Short Term Economic Dispatch of Multi-Generation Systems,” IEEE ACCESS, vol. 9, no. 01, pp. 1918 – 1939, 2021. Omer Saleem, Khalid Mahmood-ul-Hasan, Mohsin Rizwan, “An Experimental Comparison of Different Hierarchical Self-Tuning Regulatory Control Procedures for Under-Actuated Mechatronic Systems,” PLoS ONE, vol 16, no. 08, Aug. 2021, e0256750; DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0256. Omer Saleem, Faheem Gohar Awan, Samia Mahmood, Shehroze Liaquat, Hamza Yousuf, “Self-Adaptive Stabilization Control of a Rotary Pendulum using Nonlinearly-Scaled Model-Reference Gain-Adaptation Law,” Journal of Control Engineering and Applied Informatics, vol. 23, no. 03, pp. 62 - 75, Sep. 2021. M Tayyeb, U Riaz, AA Amin, O Saleem, M Arslan, MH Shahbaz, "Design of Highly Redundant Fault Tolerant Control for Aircraft Elevator System," Journal of Applied Engineering Science, vol. 19, no. 01, pp. 37-47, 2021. DOI: 10.5937/jaes0-27611. F Naz, Z Wajid, AA Amin, O Saleem, MH Shahbaz, MG Khan, M Adnan. "PID Tuning with Reference Tracking and Plant Uncertainty along with Disturbance Rejection," Systems Science & Control Engineering, vol. 9 , no. 01, pp. 160 - 166, 2021. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Program Educational Objectives (PEO) The alumni of the Undergraduate Electrical Engineering Program at NUCES, Lahore will accomplish following objectives after five years of their graduation: PEO 1. Versatility: Practice electrical engineering in a broad range of industries.PEO 2. Learning: Pursue advances in engineering education.PEO 3. Conduct: Conduct themselves in a responsible, professional, and ethical manner.PEO 4. Engineering: Employ creative problem solving skill to devise innovative solutions for the complex engineering problems faced by industry, ociety and environment.PEO 5. Leadership: Emerge as team leaders in their domain of expertise and in activities that support service and economic development nationally and throughout the world.Program Learning Outcomes (PLO) PLO 01 - Engineering Knowledge:An ability toapplyknowledge of mathematics, science, engineering fundamentals and an engineering specialization to the solution of complex engineering problems.PLO 02 - Problem Analysis:An ability toidentify,formulate,researchliterature, andanalyzecomplex engineering problemsreachingsubstantiatedconclusionsusing first principles of mathematics, natural sciences and engineering sciences.PLO 03 - Design/Development of Solutions:An ability todesignsolutions for complex engineering problems and design systems, components or processes that meet specified needs with appropriate consideration for public health and safety, cultural, societal, and environmental considerations.PLO 04 - Investigation:An ability toinvestigatecomplex engineering problems in a methodical way including literature survey,designandconductof experiments,analysisandinterpretationof experimental data, andsynthesisof information toderivevalid conclusions.PLO 05 - Modern Tool Usage:An ability tocreate,selectandapplyappropriate techniques, resources, and modern engineering and IT tools, includingpredictionandmodeling, to complex engineering activities, with an understanding of the limitations.PLO 06 - The Engineer and Society:An ability toapplyreasoning informed by contextual knowledge toassesssocietal, health, safety, legal and cultural issues and the consequent responsibilities relevant to professional engineering practice and solution to complex engineering problems.PLO 07 - Environment and Sustainability:An ability tounderstandthe impact of professional engineering solutions in societal and environmental contexts anddemonstrateknowledge of and need for sustainable development.PLO 08 - Ethics:Applyethical principles andcommitto professional ethics and responsibilities and norms of engineering practice.PLO 09 - Individual and Team Work:An ability toworkeffectively, as an individual or in a team, on multifaceted and /or multidisciplinary settings.PLO 10 - Communication:An ability tocommunicateeffectively, orally as well as in writing, on complex engineering activities with the engineering community and with society at large, such as being able tocomprehend,writeeffective reports,designdocumentation,makeeffective presentations, andgive/receiveclear instructions.PLO 11 - Project Management:An ability todemonstratemanagement skills and apply engineering principles to one’s own work, as a member and/or leader in a team, tomanageprojects in a multidisciplinary environment.PLO 12 - Lifelong Learning:An ability torecognizeimportance of, andpursuelifelong learning in the broader context of innovation and technological developments.  Mapping of PEO to PLO   Please download therubricdetails. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Program Educational Objectives (PEO) The alumni of the Undergraduate Electrical Engineering Program at NUCES, Lahore will accomplish following objectives after five years of their graduation: PEO 1. Versatility: Practice electrical engineering in a broad range of industries.PEO 2. Learning: Pursue advances in engineering education.PEO 3. Conduct: Conduct themselves in a responsible, professional, and ethical manner.PEO 4. Engineering: Employ creative problem solving skill to devise innovative solutions for the complex engineering problems faced by industry, ociety and environment.PEO 5. Leadership: Emerge as team leaders in their domain of expertise and in activities that support service and economic development nationally and throughout the world.Program Learning Outcomes (PLO) PLO 01 - Engineering Knowledge:An ability toapplyknowledge of mathematics, science, engineering fundamentals and an engineering specialization to the solution of complex engineering problems.PLO 02 - Problem Analysis:An ability toidentify,formulate,researchliterature, andanalyzecomplex engineering problemsreachingsubstantiatedconclusionsusing first principles of mathematics, natural sciences and engineering sciences.PLO 03 - Design/Development of Solutions:An ability todesignsolutions for complex engineering problems and design systems, components or processes that meet specified needs with appropriate consideration for public health and safety, cultural, societal, and environmental considerations.PLO 04 - Investigation:An ability toinvestigatecomplex engineering problems in a methodical way including literature survey,designandconductof experiments,analysisandinterpretationof experimental data, andsynthesisof information toderivevalid conclusions.PLO 05 - Modern Tool Usage:An ability tocreate,selectandapplyappropriate techniques, resources, and modern engineering and IT tools, includingpredictionandmodeling, to complex engineering activities, with an understanding of the limitations.PLO 06 - The Engineer and Society:An ability toapplyreasoning informed by contextual knowledge toassesssocietal, health, safety, legal and cultural issues and the consequent responsibilities relevant to professional engineering practice and solution to complex engineering problems.PLO 07 - Environment and Sustainability:An ability tounderstandthe impact of professional engineering solutions in societal and environmental contexts anddemonstrateknowledge of and need for sustainable development.PLO 08 - Ethics:Applyethical principles andcommitto professional ethics and responsibilities and norms of engineering practice.PLO 09 - Individual and Team Work:An ability toworkeffectively, as an individual or in a team, on multifaceted and /or multidisciplinary settings.PLO 10 - Communication:An ability tocommunicateeffectively, orally as well as in writing, on complex engineering activities with the engineering community and with society at large, such as being able tocomprehend,writeeffective reports,designdocumentation,makeeffective presentations, andgive/receiveclear instructions.PLO 11 - Project Management:An ability todemonstratemanagement skills and apply engineering principles to one’s own work, as a member and/or leader in a team, tomanageprojects in a multidisciplinary environment.PLO 12 - Lifelong Learning:An ability torecognizeimportance of, andpursuelifelong learning in the broader context of innovation and technological developments.  Mapping of PEO to PLO   Please download therubricdetails. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saima.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sm.sajid@nu.edu.pk Professor aun.abbas@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor omer.saleem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor huzaifa.rauf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor kashif.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abdul.majid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor beenish.fatima@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor haris.kazmi@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor mohsin.yousuf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor shazia.haque@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tamania.javaid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abeer.bashir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ahmad.hamza@nu.edu.pk Lecturer akbari.yaqoob@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.umair@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sara.kiran@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maaz.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.ismail@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umer.altaf@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer aliha.tanveer@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer eisha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muiz.malik@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer sughra.kamran@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saima.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sm.sajid@nu.edu.pk Professor aun.abbas@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor omer.saleem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor huzaifa.rauf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor kashif.saeed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abdul.majid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor beenish.fatima@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor haris.kazmi@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor mohsin.yousuf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor shazia.haque@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tamania.javaid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abeer.bashir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ahmad.hamza@nu.edu.pk Lecturer akbari.yaqoob@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aroosa.umair@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sara.kiran@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maaz.ahmed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.ismail@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umer.altaf@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer aliha.tanveer@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer eisha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer muiz.malik@nu.edu.pk Lab Engineer sughra.kamran@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
To become a leading Computer Science Department that aspires for the betterment of society through excellence in teaching and high-quality research. To produce future thinkers, thought leaders and innovators in order to shape the future of the nation and humanity through high-quality computing education, research, and technopreneurship. To provide the theoretical and practical knowledge
           and skills required for a professional career in computing.
           The degree program follows computer science in breath covering core computer science and
           its applications within a code of ethics. To provide theoretical knowledge and
       practical skills required for a professional career in computing and data science.
       The degree program follows data science in breadth,
       covering core computing with a specialization in data science and
       its applications within the code of ethics. To provide theoretical knowledge and practical skills required
       for a professional career in Computing and Software Engineering. The degree program follows Software Engineering in breadth,
       covering core computing with a specialization in Software Engineering
       and its applications within the code of ethics. Dr. Kashif Zafar is associated with National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences since 2004 in the Department of Computer Science. Prior to joining NUCES, he was a faculty member at GIKI in the Faculty of Computer Science & Engineering from 2002 till 2004; specializes in the field of Artificial Intelligence. He has worked in the area of machine learning, swarm intelligence, computational intelligence, evolutionary algorithms, data mining, expert systems etc. He has been involved in teaching and research at undergraduate as well as graduate levels and has supervised numerous final year projects and Thesis. Dr. Kashif has been awarded full scholarship from Foundation for the Advancement of Science and Technology, Islamabad for his postgraduate studies. He has published a number of research papers in international journals and conferences of high repute. Dr. Kashif has hands-on experience in the IT industry and has worked in different organizations in USA and has around 15 years of full time job experience. A paper titled "Construction and Validation of Early Software Size Estimation Models Based on ADAF-Adjusted ACD Metrics", by Ms. Mariam Daud (PhD candidate) and her advisor Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted for publication in the prestigious Computer Journal (IF = 1.494). Paper titled " Metaheuristics based COVID-19 Detection using Medical Images: A Review  " authored by Mamoona Riaz (MS student), Dr. Maryam Bashir (CS faculty member), and Dr. Irfan Younas (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in prestigious journal "Computers in Biology and Medicine" by Elsevier, having impact factor of 4.58 and W category by HEC. Muhammad Ahmad, a student of batch 20 from FAST School of Computing, has won the 8th International Science and Youth Symposium (ISYS-20) that was held in GIKI in December 2020. The Faculty Development Committee of FAST School of Computing held an orientation session for the new faculty members who joined FAST-NU in Fall 2020 and Spring 2021. After introductions, Dr. Ali gave a brief history and overview of different programs being run under FAST School of Computing. A few tips on how to prepare for lectures were also provided by Dr. Ali, along with different responsibilities of faculty members. A … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
April 21, 2022  A paper titled "Construction and Validation of Early Software Size Estimation Models Based on ADAF-Adjusted ACD Metrics", by Ms. Mariam Daud (PhD candidate) and her advisor Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted for publication in the prestigious Computer Journal (IF = 1.494).  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
April 21, 2022  A paper titled "Construction and Validation of Early Software Size Estimation Models Based on ADAF-Adjusted ACD Metrics", by Ms. Mariam Daud (PhD candidate) and her advisor Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted for publication in the prestigious Computer Journal (IF = 1.494).  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
March 29, 2021  Muhammad Ahmad, a student of batch 20 from FAST School of Computing, has won the 8th International Science and Youth Symposium (ISYS-20) that was held in GIKI in December 2020.   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
March 29, 2021  Muhammad Ahmad, a student of batch 20 from FAST School of Computing, has won the 8th International Science and Youth Symposium (ISYS-20) that was held in GIKI in December 2020.   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
FAST-NUCES houses an OpenStack based private cloud infrastructure and next generation provisioning frameworks like Kubernetes and Kubeflow. Dr. Muhammad Usman Awais is managing an HPC lab which provides access to the above mentioned infrastructures. Although the scale is not very large, it is good enough for the students to conduct research for their master's theses and Final Year Projects (FYPs). Following major research areas are being explored in the … The Center for Information Management and Cyber Security (CIMACS), headed by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi is involved in undertaking research and development in the broad domains of information management, cyber security and computer networking. The center undertakes consultancy, auditing, installation and management work in the following avenues.

Information Systems Security
Software Defined Infrastructure
Internet of Things (IoT) - Communication Stack Security
Behavioural Profiling and Forensics
Academic Programmes and Staff Training

Current & … A Big Data lab has been established in Lahore campus. The use of Big Data is becoming a crucial way for leading companies to outperform their peers. In most industries, established competitors and new entrants alike, leverage data-driven strategies to innovate, compete, and capture value. Big Data will help to create new growth opportunities, and also entirely new categories of companies, such as those that aggregate and analyze industry data … FAST-NUCES Lahore provides an infrastructure based on advanced provisioning frameworks such as Kubernetes and Kubeflow. Dr. Asma Naseer, along with core team consisting of Dr. Asma Ahmad and Dr. Aamir Wali, oversees the GAIT lab that grants students access to the aforementioned infrastructures which adequately caters to students conducting research for their master's theses and Final Year Projects (FYPs). The lab focuses on the following key research domains: 

Digital … Optimization and Data Science (OptiMi'nDS) research group, headed by Dr. Irfan Younas, carries out research and development in Optimization and Data Science related areas. Major research themes in our research group include Evolutionary Computation, Swarm Intelligence, Evolutionary Deep Learning, Multi/Many-objective Optimization, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Information Retrieval.
Solving large scale optimization problems have always been very challenging and demanding. Our research group … Software Research Engineering Centre is dedicated to conducting research and development in various facets of software engineering. The centre has been established to promote theoretical research in the software engineering area, resolve problems faced by the software industry, and help establish software engineering practices in the industry. Through the establishment of the SERC, the University seeks to help and support the local software industry in establishing and improving their … MInG – Machine Intelligence Group was established in FAST- NUCES in 2004. The main objectives of this research group are to conduct research in cutting edge technologies and bridging the gap between academia and industry. The main research focus is on: Optimization techniques, Data science, Multi-agent systems, Expert systems, Machine learning, Block-chain technology, Internet of things, Healthcare solutions, Robotics, Machine vision, Intelligent transportation systems, Data mining, and other such areas … Liberty lab aims to put together and apply the knowledge gained from diverse areas of expertise including robotics, embedded systems and artificial intelligence, to engineer out-of-the-box solutions that practically solve the problems faced by the local society. Research is done to make robots that can achieve autonomous behavior. Problems of localization, mapping, navigation and image processing in robots are explored. Control algorithms on ground and air robots are developed to … To spur the research in the field of Machine Learning, a high fidelity server is made available for the faculty and students at FAST-NUCES. The server is a Dell PowerEdge R740xd2 series server. Using a freely available solution named Portainer.io, the server is accessible to the authorized users over the web. Meaning, users can access it while being at their home. Portainer.io is a docker based solution which … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
A Big Data lab has been established in Lahore campus. The use of Big Data is becoming a crucial way for leading companies to outperform their peers. In most industries, established competitors and new entrants alike, leverage data-driven strategies to innovate, compete, and capture value. Big Data will help to create new growth opportunities, and also entirely new categories of companies, such as those that aggregate and analyze industry data. Students ofDr. Usman AwaisandDr. Zareen Alamgirhave successfully setup this lab and cluster. In guidance ofDr. Usman Awaisan OpenStack Cloud infrastructure is also established. The deployed OpenStack cloud provides Platform as a Service (PaaS) infrastructure.The PaaS enables the students to analyze many different distributed computing technologies, including Data and Compute Clusters and Grids.The initial set up will be used by master thesis students, and students working on their Final Year Projects (FYP). It will allow the students to have a practical exposure to cloud related technologies. A personalized cloud dashboard can also be made accessible over the internet, in future. Students can access this Hadoop master cluster from other Labs. Now"Big Data"students can access the Hadoop cluster for their assignments, without going to the Big Data Lab. Following are the students who made considerable efforts to realize the plan of setting up these labs.  Current and Past Projects ·Fuzzy clustering of mixed mode data in Apache SPARK ·Exploiting review helpfulness rating on scalable recommendation systems using Apache Spark ·SP-CURE, a clustering algorithm developed on Apache Spark to cluster gigantic datasets ·Personalized User Tag recommender ·for Social Media Photos using Spark ·Tag Recommender for Spark, a system for recommending user tags for huge datasets. ·Social Event based recommendation system in distributed environment ·Distributed Typicality-based Recommendation System for Apache Spark ·Hybrid Recommendation System using Apache Spark Framework ·Keyword based personalized Hotel Recommender on Map Reduce. ·Opinion Mining on Big Data using MapReduce Framework. ·Deep Packet analysis in Software Defined Networks ·Distributed algorithms for Machine Learning (kubernetes operators are being used) ·FRSG to develop a Kubernetes operator ·Distributed Simulation using Docker ( Kubernetes will be included) Recent Publications © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 FAST-NUCES Lahore provides an infrastructure based on advanced provisioning frameworks such as Kubernetes and Kubeflow. Dr. Asma Naseer, along with core team consisting of Dr. Asma Ahmad and Dr. Aamir Wali, oversees the GAIT lab that grants students access to the aforementioned infrastructures which adequately caters to students conducting research for their master's theses and Final Year Projects (FYPs). The lab focuses on the following key research domains: Overall, the lab provides a valuable platform for students to delve into these research areas and gain practical experience in utilizing cutting-edge technologies for their academic pursuits.  Research Group Members Focus of GAIT  The primary objective of the Generative AI, Imaging & IoT (GAIT) research group is to investigate and address the challenges and issues within the domains of Imaging, IoT, and machine learning. Given the growing interest among graduate and post-graduate students in pursuing research in Imaging, machine learning, and IoT, our group is dedicated to maintaining a strong foundation of research. Currently, our group focuses on various problems involving generative AI, medical imaging, IoT, NLP, and time series analysis, encompassing activity recognition, imaging, sign language recognition, EEG and ECG classification.  Current Students Research Projects Journal Publications 2023 1. Tamoor, M., Naseer, A., Khan, A., Zafar, K. Skin Lesion Segmentation Using an Ensemble of  Different Image Processing Methods. Diagnostics 2023, 13, 2684. –Impact Factor 3.99 2. Wali, A., Naseer, A., Tamoor, M., Gilani, S. Recent progress in digital image restoration techniques: A review. Digital Signal Processing 2023, 141, 104187 – Impact Factor 3.38 3. Ur Rehman, Aziz, Naseer, A., Karima, S.; Tamoor, M.; Naz, S.; et al. Deep learning classifiers for computer-aideddiagnosis of multiple lungs disease. Journal of X-Ray Science and Technology, pp. 1–Impact Factor 2.75 4. Naseer, A.; et.al., Occupancy detection via thermal sensors for energy consumption reduction. Multimedia Tools and Applications 2023, pp. 1–14.Impact Factor 2.75 5. Wali, A.; Ahmad, M.; Naseer, A.; Tamoor, M.; Gilani, S. StynMedGAN: Medical images augmentation using a new GAN model for improved diagnosis of diseases. Journal of Intelligent & Fuzzy Systems 2023, pp. 1–18.Impact factor 1.73 6. Wali, A.; Ali, S.; Naseer, A.; Karim, S.; Alamgir, Z. Computer-aided COVID-19 diagnosis: a possibility? Journal of Experimental & Theoretical Artificial Intelligence 2023, pp. 1–19.Impact factor 2.34 7. Chughtai, I.T.; Naseer, A.; Tamoor, M.; Asif, S.; Jabbar, M.; Shahid, R. Content-based image retrieval via transfer learning. Journal of Intelligent & Fuzzy Systems 2023, pp. 1–26.Impact factor 1.73 8. Raza, N.; Naseer, A.; Tamoor, M.; Zafar, K. Alzheimer Disease Classification through Transfer Learning Approach. Diagnostics 2023, 13, 801.Impact factor 3. 2022 9. Naseer, A.; Tamoor, M.; Azhar, A. Computer-aided COVID-19 diagnosis and a comparison of deep learners using augmented CXRs. Journal of X-ray Science and Technology 2022, 30, 89–109.Impact factor1.5 10. Naseer, A.; Hussain, S.; Zafar, K.; Khan, A. A novel normal to tangent line (NTL) algorithm for scale invariant feature extraction for Urdu OCR. International Journal on Document Analysis and Recognition (IJDAR) 2022, 25, 51–66.Impact factor 2.44 11. Malik, Y.S.; Tamoor, M.; Naseer, A.; Wali, A.; Khan, A. Applying an adaptive Otsu-based initialization algorithm to optimize active contour models for skin lesion segmentation. Journal of X-Ray Science and Technology 2022, pp. 1–16.Impact factor 2.44 12. Naseer, A.; Zafar, K. Meta-feature based few-shot Siamese learning for Urdu optical character recognition. Computational Intelligence 2022, 38, 1707–1727.Impact factor 2.8 13. M Fayyaz, AA Farhan, AR Javed, Thermal Comfort Model for HVAC Buildings Using Machine Learning, Arabian Journal for Science and Engineering 47 (2), 2045-2060(13),2022 2021 14. Naseer, A.; Yasir, T.; Azhar, A.; Shakeel, T.; Zafar, K. Computer-aided brain tumor diagnosis: performance evaluation of deep learner CNN using augmented brain MRI. International Journal of Biomedical Imaging 2021. 15. AR Javed, LG Fahad, AA Farhan, S Abbas, G Srivastava, RM Parizi, Automated cognitive health assessment in smart homes using machine learning, Sustainable Cities and Society 65, 102572 (113), 2021 16. SA Khan, AA Farhan, LG Fahad, SF Tahir, Personal productivity monitoring through smartphones, Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Smart Environments 12 (4), 327-341 2019 17. Naseer, A.; Zafar, K. Meta features-based scale invariant OCR decision making using LSTM-RNN. Computational and Mathematical Organization Theory 2019, pp. 165–183.Impact factor 1.2 2018 18. Naseer, A.; Zafar, K. Comparative analysis of raw images and meta feature based Urdu OCR using CNN and LSTM. International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and Applications 2018. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
The Center for Information Management and Cyber Security (CIMACS), headed by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi is involved in undertaking research and development in the broad domains of information management, cyber security and computer networking. The center undertakes consultancy, auditing, installation and management work in the following avenues. Current & Past Projects ·User behaviour profiling ·Securing software defined networks ·Social engineering vulnerabilities ·Ransomware detection and mitigation ·Android platform security: ·Securing the Internet of Things (IoT) ·Fault-Tolerance in Software Defined Networks ·Forensic of Things ·IoT for Smart Cities Further information about these projects is available on the center website:www.cimacs.org  Recent Publications © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Software Research Engineering Centre is dedicated to conducting research and development in various facets of software engineering. The centre has been established to promote theoretical research in the software engineering area, resolve problems faced by the software industry, and help establish software engineering practices in the industry. Through the establishment of the SERC, the University seeks to help and support the local software industry in establishing and improving their processes and practices through continuous feedback and training. SERC aims to achieve these objectives by collecting the industry data to understand productivity, cost, and quality parameters. This will hopefully also help in developing more suitable process and lifecycle models for different types of projects being undertaken by our local industry in the offshore and distributed environment. In the past, this Centre has arranged many seminars and workshops in the software engineering domain to encourage and promote academia-industry collaboration. Current research focuses on areas such as empirical software engineering, software cost estimation, software project management, and requirements engineering. Past Projects Recent Publications   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Co-founders consists of Dr. Rauf Baig, Dr. Kashif Zafar and Dr. Usman Shahid. Past Projects Recent Publications © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
FAST-NUCES houses an OpenStack based private cloud infrastructure and next generation provisioning frameworks like Kubernetes and Kubeflow. Dr. Muhammad Usman Awais is managing an HPC lab which provides access to the above mentioned infrastructures. Although the scale is not very large, it is good enough for the students to conduct research for their master's theses and Final Year Projects (FYPs). Following major research areas are being explored in the … The Center for Information Management and Cyber Security (CIMACS), headed by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi is involved in undertaking research and development in the broad domains of information management, cyber security and computer networking. The center undertakes consultancy, auditing, installation and management work in the following avenues.

Information Systems Security
Software Defined Infrastructure
Internet of Things (IoT) - Communication Stack Security
Behavioural Profiling and Forensics
Academic Programmes and Staff Training

Current & … A Big Data lab has been established in Lahore campus. The use of Big Data is becoming a crucial way for leading companies to outperform their peers. In most industries, established competitors and new entrants alike, leverage data-driven strategies to innovate, compete, and capture value. Big Data will help to create new growth opportunities, and also entirely new categories of companies, such as those that aggregate and analyze industry data … FAST-NUCES Lahore provides an infrastructure based on advanced provisioning frameworks such as Kubernetes and Kubeflow. Dr. Asma Naseer, along with core team consisting of Dr. Asma Ahmad and Dr. Aamir Wali, oversees the GAIT lab that grants students access to the aforementioned infrastructures which adequately caters to students conducting research for their master's theses and Final Year Projects (FYPs). The lab focuses on the following key research domains: 

Digital … Optimization and Data Science (OptiMi'nDS) research group, headed by Dr. Irfan Younas, carries out research and development in Optimization and Data Science related areas. Major research themes in our research group include Evolutionary Computation, Swarm Intelligence, Evolutionary Deep Learning, Multi/Many-objective Optimization, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Information Retrieval.
Solving large scale optimization problems have always been very challenging and demanding. Our research group … Software Research Engineering Centre is dedicated to conducting research and development in various facets of software engineering. The centre has been established to promote theoretical research in the software engineering area, resolve problems faced by the software industry, and help establish software engineering practices in the industry. Through the establishment of the SERC, the University seeks to help and support the local software industry in establishing and improving their … MInG – Machine Intelligence Group was established in FAST- NUCES in 2004. The main objectives of this research group are to conduct research in cutting edge technologies and bridging the gap between academia and industry. The main research focus is on: Optimization techniques, Data science, Multi-agent systems, Expert systems, Machine learning, Block-chain technology, Internet of things, Healthcare solutions, Robotics, Machine vision, Intelligent transportation systems, Data mining, and other such areas … Liberty lab aims to put together and apply the knowledge gained from diverse areas of expertise including robotics, embedded systems and artificial intelligence, to engineer out-of-the-box solutions that practically solve the problems faced by the local society. Research is done to make robots that can achieve autonomous behavior. Problems of localization, mapping, navigation and image processing in robots are explored. Control algorithms on ground and air robots are developed to … To spur the research in the field of Machine Learning, a high fidelity server is made available for the faculty and students at FAST-NUCES. The server is a Dell PowerEdge R740xd2 series server. Using a freely available solution named Portainer.io, the server is accessible to the authorized users over the web. Meaning, users can access it while being at their home. Portainer.io is a docker based solution which … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Liberty lab aims to put together and apply the knowledge gained from diverse areas of expertise including robotics, embedded systems and artificial intelligence, to engineer out-of-the-box solutions that practically solve the problems faced by the local society. Research is done to make robots that can achieve autonomous behavior. Problems of localization, mapping, navigation and image processing in robots are explored. Control algorithms on ground and air robots are developed to improve the navigation capabilities of such robots. The goal is to make autonomous mobile and industrial robots, and induce learning and long-term autonomy in them. This lab achieves its aims via projects at both graduate and undergraduate levels. Completed FYPs Research Areas and Ongoing Projects © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Optimization and Data Science (OptiMi'nDS) research group, headed by Dr. Irfan Younas, carries out research and development in Optimization and Data Science related areas. Major research themes in our research group include Evolutionary Computation, Swarm Intelligence, Evolutionary Deep Learning, Multi/Many-objective Optimization, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Information Retrieval. Solving large scale optimization problems have always been very challenging and demanding. Our research group carries out multi-disciplinary research into mathematical models and intelligent algorithms for a variety of real world optimization, specifically NP-hard problems. The NP-hard problems are very complex with intractably large and highly complex search spaces. Our research group also works in area ofNatural Language Processing (NLP) and Machine Learning. NLP addresses fundamental questions at the intersection of human languages and computer science. Understanding complex language utterances is also a crucial part of artificial intelligence. Applications of NLP are everywhere because people communicate almost everything in language: web search, advertisement, emails, customer service, language translation, radiology reports, etc. Research Group Members: ·Dr. Irfan Younas (Faculty member) ·Dr. Arshad Ali (Faculty member) ·Dr. Maryam Bashir (Faculty member) ·Mr. Muhammad Amir Iqbal (Faculty member & PhD student) ·Mr. Shakeel Zafar (Faculty member & PhD student) ·Mr. Qamar Askari (PhD student) ·Ms. Maria Tamoor (PhD student) ·Ms. Sadia Marium (PhD student under co-supervision) ·Ms. Umber Nisar (PhD student) ·Mr. Asif Ameer (PhD student) Past and Ongoing Projects: ·Designing novel Socio-inspired Optimization Algorithms for Global Optimization ·Developing Transfer Learning Based Classifier System for Image Classification ·Evolving Deep Neural Networks using Evolutionary Computation ·Large scale optimization of Assignment, Planning and Scheduling Problems ·Distributed Large Scale Many Objective Optimization ·Multi and Many Objective Optimization Algorithms ·Many Objective Optimization for IoT ·Learning Regular Expressions using Learning Classifier Systems ·Solving Large-scale Optimization Problems using Evolutionary Computation and Machine Learning ·Solving Classification and Learning Problems using Evolutionary Machine Learning ·Predicting Future News Events and Crimes using Data Science  Recent Publications: Notes  International Collaborations: © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
A paper titled "Construction and Validation of Early Software Size Estimation Models Based on ADAF-Adjusted ACD Metrics", by Ms. Mariam Daud (PhD candidate) and her advisor Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted for publication in the prestigious Computer Journal (IF = 1.494). Paper titled " Metaheuristics based COVID-19 Detection using Medical Images: A Review  " authored by Mamoona Riaz (MS student), Dr. Maryam Bashir (CS faculty member), and Dr. Irfan Younas (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in prestigious journal "Computers in Biology and Medicine" by Elsevier, having impact factor of 4.58 and W category by HEC. Paper titled "Lures for Money: A First Look into Youtube Videos Promoting Money-Making Apps" by Ms. Noshaba Nasir has been accepted for presentation at 17th ACM Asia Conference on Computer and Communications Security (AsiaCCS2022), which is a Core A ranked conference. This research is a collaboration with Dr. Mobin Javed, SIA Lab, LUMS. Paper titled "Computerization of Off-Topic Essay Detection: A possibility?" authored by Areeba Shahzad (MS student) and Dr. Aamir Wali (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in "Education and Information Technologies" journal by Springer Nature, having impact factor 2.9. This publication is an outcome of research conducted by Ms. Areeba as part of her MS dissertation, supervised by Dr. Aamir Wali. The paper can be accessed online. Ms. Farwa Khan, MS Student at FAST School of Computing, along with their MS Thesis supervisor, Dr. Zareen Alamgir, have their research work accepted to be published at RecSys2021. RecSys is one of the most prestigious conferences in the area of Recommender systems. The work is titled as "A Payload Optimization Method for Federated Recommender Systems".
The work has been done in collaboration with a team of researches from Finland … The FAST School of Computing is pleased to announce the promotion of Dr. Irfan Younas to Associate Professor. He has a bachelor's degree from NUST and a Ph.D. degree from KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden. Dr. Irfan is leading the Optimization and Data Science (OptiMi'nDS) research group. His research interests include Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Science, Evolutionary Computation, Evolutionary Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and … Mr. Ghazanfer Abbas, alumni at the Department of Computer Science, along with his MS thesis supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, have their research article accepted to be published in the prestigious international journal, Forensic Science International [IF: 1.851]. The work has been done in collaboration with KICS-UET. Mr. Afzal Hussain, a PhD scholar at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access [IF: 3.745]. The paper is titled "Fog-Centric IoT Based Framework for Healthcare Monitoring, Management and Early Warning System". Mr. Javed Zahoor has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on May 28, 2021 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 10th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled "Ensemble based Classification of Microarray Gene-Expression Data Using Computational Intelligence Techniques" under the supervision of Dr. Kashif Zafar. Examiners included Dr. Usman Ghani Khan (Associate Professor … Ms. Marriam Daud, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with her PhD supervisor, Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, have their research article accepted to be published in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access, which now has an impact factor of 3.745. The paper is titled: "Improving the Accuracy of Early Software Size Estimation using Analysis-to-Design Adjustment Factors (ADAFs)". A paper co-authored by Dr. Zareen, Dr. Habib and PhD candidate Shakeel Zafar, titled "An Effective Blockchain Evaluation System based on Entropy - CRITIC weight method and MCDM techniques" has been accepted to be published in Springer journal Peer-to-Peer Networking and Applications with an impact factor of 2.793. Mr. Qamar Askari has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on March 5, 2021 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 9th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled "Socio-Nature Inspired Meta-heuristics for Global Optimization" under the supervision of Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas. Local examiners were Dr. Usman Ghani Khan (Associate Professor … Final year project titled "Intracranial Brain Haemorrhage Segmentation and Classification " has been accepted at the iKSP Journal of Computer Science and Engineering (iJCSE), vol. 1, issue 2, 2021. The  students of batch '17 are currently working on this project under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Raima Imran, Noorish Hassan, Rishwan Tariq, Laraib Amjad. MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Ms. Arfa Hussain's work "Rumor Detection Based on Temporal Dimensions" has been accepted in International Conference on Multimodal Interaction (ICMI-2021). The work was supervised by Dr. Saira Karim. Areeb Waseem, MS(DS) student of FAST School of Computing, has become the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner after passing the exam. Areeb is currently enrolled in Cloud Computing course being taught by Dr. Muhammad Usman Awais. Two students of FAST School of Computing Lahore, Sabeeh Saeed and Muhammad Shahriyar, involved in the M-Labs Fellowship program and Rookie Game Jam 2020, have secured second position overall in the program. 
Over 700 participants all over Pakistan had applied for the program and only 40 students were able to complete the program. The program was offered in September-October 2020 with prize money and giveaways worth PK 1 million … Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Irfan Younas published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Nueral Processing Letters (Impact Factor: 2.891). 
The paper is titled "Political Optimizer Based Feedforward Neural Network for Classification and Function Approximation". Spring 2021 admissions are now open in PhD(CS) program offered by FAST School of Computing. Eligibility Criteria can be found at NUCES website.
Following are important dates in the admission process.
Last Date to Apply: December 31, 2020
Admission Test Date: January 6, 2021
Interviews of Selected Candidates: January 11, 2021
Application forms can be found at: admissions.nu.edu.pk A paper by Dr. Muhammad Usman Awais titled "DevOps in Pakistani Software Industry" has been accepted to be presented in 14th International Conference on Open Source Systems and Technologies (ICOSST'20). 
The conference will take place in UET Lahore from 16-17 December, 2020. Research article of Dr. Nosheen Qamar and Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted to be published in prestigious international journal, Computing and Informatics. The paper is titled "Determining the Relative Importance of Personality Traits in Influencing Software Quality and Team Productivity". Mr. Ibrahim Nadir and Dr. Taimur Bakhshi, along with their undergraduate students, have recently published a conference paper on the security of wireless sensor networks with the title "Towards Dynamic Hash-Based Key Establishment in Mobile Wireless Sensor Networking Nodes". The article was submitted to the 23rd IEEE International Multi-topic Conference 2020. MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Mohsin Qurban and Muhammad Bilal have presented their paper at the 23rd International Multitopic Conference (INMIC 2020) that was held on November 5-7, 2020. The paper is titled "Knowledge of Softwaare Design Patterns in Educational Institutes of Pakistan". The paper was co-authored by Dr. Wafa Basit. Ms. Nosheen Qamar has successfully defended her PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on November 3, 2020 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. She is the 8th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
She has completed his research titled "Quantification of Team Homogeneity & Analysis of its Impact on Software Quality and Team Productivity" under the supervision of Dr. Ali Afzal Malik. Local examiners were … Mr. Farooq Ahmad, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Haroon Mahmood and co-author Dr. Yasir, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, International Journal of Ad Hoc and Ubiquitous Computing. The paper is titled "Mobility Modeling for Urban Traffic Surveillance by a Team of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles". Mr. Muhammad Usman Khan, a faculty member at the Department of Computer Science, published his research article in the prestigious international journal, Scientific Reports- Nature. The journal has an impact factor of 3.998 and HEC has categorized the journal as Platinum (W Category). The paper is titled "Towards Image-based Cancer Cell Lines Authentication Using Deep Neural Networks" Uzman Perwaiz, a MS student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his supervisor, Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Plos one, which now has an impact factor of 2.74.The paper is titled: "Many-objective BAT algorithm". Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Expert Systems with Applications, which has an impact factor of 5.45. The paper is titled "Heap-based optimizer inspired by corporate rank hierarchy for global optimization". 
 
The paper can be found at the link: https … Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, presented their research article in the Proceedings of the 2020 Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference (GECCO) Companion, which is an A rank conference. The paper is titled "Critical Evaluation of sine cosine algorithm and a few recommendations".
The paper can be found at the link:  https … Javed Zahoor, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Genes, which now has an impact factor of 3.76. The paper is titled: "Classification of Microarray gene expression data using infiltration tactics optimization (ITO) algorithm". Dr. Aasim Ali has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on June 22, 2020 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 7th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled “Improving Statistical Machine Translation for English-to-Urdu Pair using Morphological and Syntactic Information”, under the supervision of Dr. Usman Shahid and Dr. Kashif Zafar. The examiners included … MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Huda Tariq and Maliha Arshad have presented their paper at the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2020). The paper titled "Effects of Refactoring upon Efficiency of an NP-Hard Task Assignment Problem: A case study". The paper was co-authored by Dr. Wafa Basit. The goal of this paper was to analyze the effects of refactoring on time … CS Faculty Member, Dr. Usman Awais has become AWS Cloud Ambassador. The next generation of IT products are going to be cloud native. The revolution is already underway. Although, Pakistani institutes lag behind a little, but again FAST takes the lead. One of the faculty members at FAST Dr. M. Usman Awais has become a faculty ambassador for AWS.
At the following link, (https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/aws-students-fast-muhammad-usman-awais/) he … A team of students from Batch '17 FAST-NUCES, Lahore has taken an initiative to provide the analysis of the situation in Pakistan during the COVID-19 epidemic.
Corona 92 is a student-led initiative that aims to provide statistical analysis on the outbreak of the raging COVID-19 in the country, through live data capture. They're constantly striving to attain newer and the most effective strategies for preventing it from spreading any … A paper authored by Mr Ibrahim Nadir and Dr. Haroon, in collaboration with UET-KICS, has been accepted at IEEE International Conference on Cyber Warfare and Security.
The paper is titled "Identifying Mirai-Exploitable Vulnerabilities in IoT Firmware Through Static Analysis".

The conference will be held in Islamabad between September 29 - October 1. Muhammad Badar-ud-din (CS Student of Batch 16) has been declared one of the winners of IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan. Badar has been declared 7th in the overall competition and is the only FASTian to have won the challenge. 

The IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan is a new initiative designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan. The competition is designed to inspire innovation … Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisors, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the high impact factor prestigious journal, Knowledge-Based Systems (impact factor: 5.101). As per HEC criteria for ranking, this Journal is categorized as Platinum.
The paper can be seen at https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950705120301350 MS-SPM student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Humaira Aslam Chughtai has presented her paper at the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2020) earlier this week and has won the Best Paper Award for her paper titled "People Profile Metrics for Improved Classification of Defect-Prone Files in Open Source Projects".
The paper was part of MS Thesis work of Humaira and was co-authored by … Two BS(CS) students of FAST-NUCES, Lahore,  Raja Asim and Muaz Maqbool, with co-authors Dr. Usman Shahid and Dr. Mehreen Saeed, have won the best paper award at 2019 International Workshop on Signal Processing and Machine Learning (WSPML). The workshop was held in Bangkok,  Thailand from December 12 - 14. The paper is titled: "Classifying Alcoholics and Control Patients Using Deep Learning and Peak Visualizatiion Method" Mr. Roy Andersen (Principal, Kingston College, Lahore) visited Dr. Ali's office today. He briefed the HOD about his career, books, and achievements as an educationist working for the past 40 years. He also offered to give a talk to CS faculty that will help them in improving their teaching skills. Research work authored by Adeem Ali Anwar and Dr. Irfan Younas titled "Optimization of Many Objective Pickup and Delivery Problem with Delay Time of Vehicle using Memetic Decomposition Based Evolutionary Algorithm", has been accepted in an impact factor journal "International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools" Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled Securing Internet of Bio-Nano Things: ML-Enabled Parameter Profiling of Bio-Cyber Interfaces, and Exploring Blockchain-Secured Data Validation in Smart Meter Readings, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE INMIC 2019, to be held at Islamabad, Pakistan in November 2019. INMIC 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Islamabad Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and FAST NUCES. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled On Nature-Inspired Dynamic Route Planning: Hammerhead Shark Optimization Algorithm, and MOS-Enabled VoIP provisioning in Campus Software Defined Networking, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE ICET 2019, to be held at Peshawar, Pakistan in December 2019. ICET 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Peshawar Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and FAST NUCES. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi Forensic of Things: Revisiting Digital Forensic Investigations in Internet of Things, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE ICEEST 2019, to be held at Karachi, Pakistan in December 2019. ICEEST 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Karachi Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and Iqra University, Karachi, Pakistan. Final year project titled "An Efficient Cloud-Based Traffic Signal Manipulation Algorithm for Path Clearance" has been accepted at the International Journal of Distributed Systems and Technologies (IJDST) vol. 11, issue 2, 2020. The journal is HEC-Recognized and indexed in Web of Science Master Journal List. This project was completed by students of batch '14 under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Samreen Fatima, Khansa … Dr. Aamir Wali has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on November 14, 2019 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 6th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore. 

He has completed his research titled “Cellular Automata Learning and Prediction Model for Handwritten Pattern Recognition”, under the supervision of Dr. Mehreen Saeed. The examiners included Dr. Muhammad Usman Ghani (Associate Professor … ICPC - Asia Regional was held in GIKI on Nov 1 - 3. ICPC programming competition is considered to be the world cup of programming competition. 70 teams from all over Pakistan participated in the highly competitive competition. Team MAJORS ( comprising of Syed Saqib (16L-4251), Obaid-ur-Rehman (16-4062), and Ahsan Naveed (16-4244)) from FAST-NUCES, Lahore achieved 6th position in the competition. Research work authored by Mr. Hafiz Asadul Rehman has been accepted in "International Journal of Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence". The work was done under the supervision of Dr. Irfan Younas and was co-authored by Dr. Maryam Bashir and Dr. Muhammad Iqbal. 

The paper is titled : "Learning Regular Expressions using XCS-based Classifier System" Research work authored by Shahzad Ali and Dr. Zeeshan Ali Rana titled "Evaluating the Performance of Software Defect Models Using Area Under Precision-Recall Curve (AUC-PR)", has been published in 2nd International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2019).
The details of the publication are given as follows: Shahzad Ali, Zeeshan Ali Rana, Evaluating the Performance of Software Defect Models Using Area Under Precision-Recall Curve (AUC-PR), In Proceedings of the … Faculty members of CS Department, Dr. Aamir Wali and Dr. Mehreen Saeed published their research work titled "m-CALP - Yet another way of generating handwritten data through evolution for pattern recognition" at the Journal Biosystems. The journal has an impact factor of 1.46.
The paper is available at here. Dr. Zareen presented her research works in World Conference on Technology, Innovation and Entrepreneurship held in Istanbul on 21-23 June 2019. It is a prestigious conference organized by the Istanbul University under the auspices of the Republic of Turkey Ministry of Science, Industry and Technology. This interdisciplinary conference provides a platform to discuss and present latest technological developments and reforms for Innovative Entrepreneurship. Further details can be found at here … Final year project titled "Dynamic Cloud Resource Allocation" has been accepted at the International Conference on Information & Communication Technologies (ICICT) 2019. This conference will be held from 16-17 November 2019 at IBA Karachi. This project was completed by students of batch '15 under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Abu Bakr Sohail, Abdullah Asad, Saad Sultan, and Suleman Khalid. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled Securing Software Defined Networks: On Feasibility of Network Behaviour Profiling, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE INTELLECT 2019, to be held at Karachi, Pakistan in November 2019. INTELLECT 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Karachi Section and Higher Education Commission (HEC). The conference will be addressing the latest research directions in the field of Microelectronics, Information Processing, Communications … Dr. Taimur Bakhshi in collaboration with fellow researchers at universities in UK, Iraq and Saudi Arabia, has published research work titled Using Burstiness for Network Applications Classification in the Journal of Computer Networks & Communications (https://doi.org/10.1155/2019/5758437). 
The paper proposes a novel flow statistical-based set of features that can be used for classifying applications by leveraging machine learning algorithms to yield high accuracy, and greater … Nosheen Qamar, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with her PhD supervisor, Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access, which now has an impact factor of 4.098. The paper is titled: "Birds of a Feather Gel Together: Impact of Team Homogeneity on Software Quality and Team Productivity".
Full paper can be downloaded from the link given below … The CS department is pleased to announce the promotion of Dr Aamir Shafi to Associate Professor. He joined the CS department on 1st August 2018 and has a bachelor's degree in Software Engineering from NUST and a Ph.D. degree, specializing in High Performance Computing, from the University of Portsmouth, UK. He was also a Visiting Scientist at MIT, USA. Dr. Ali Afzal Malik (Assistant Professor and Head, CS Department, Lahore campus) has become a Senior Member of IEEE in February 2019. Elevation to this senior membership grade of IEEE requires, among other things, professional practice of at least 10 years with proof of significant performance for the period of at least 5 years. IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization with IEEE Computer Society as its largest … Muhammad Ahmad, a student of batch 20 from FAST School of Computing, has won the 8th International Science and Youth Symposium (ISYS-20) that was held in GIKI in December 2020. The Faculty Development Committee of FAST School of Computing held an orientation session for the new faculty members who joined FAST-NU in Fall 2020 and Spring 2021. After introductions, Dr. Ali gave a brief history and overview of different programs being run under FAST School of Computing. A few tips on how to prepare for lectures were also provided by Dr. Ali, along with different responsibilities of faculty members. A … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of FAST School of Computing held a short workshop online on GPU and its usage for assignments/projects on December 24, 2020. The session was held to benefit the students of MS/PhD enrolled in the department. The session was held by department GPU coordinator Dr. Usman Awais.  The objective of the workshop was to familiarize the students (and the faculty members) with the process of accessing … Dr. Mudassir Shabbir delivered a talk at the FAST-NU Lahore campus on various creative methods to integrate mathematics teaching into undergraduate courses of the CS curriculum. The talk highlighted effective methods of pedagogy that may be used to make complex mathematical concepts more palatable and relatable to CS students. The talk brought into focus the importance of creating motivation inside and beyond the classroom; factors in deciding the correct scope … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science held a talk on "IOT System Vulnerabilities". The speaker were Dr. Haroon Mahmood, Assistant Professor in CS department FAST-Lahore, Mr. Ibrahim Nadir, Assistant Professor in CS department, FAST-Lahore and Mr. Asim Tanvir, researcher at KICS lab at UET.  The speakers talked about IOT devices and their vulnerability to cyber-attacks despite advancements over the past few years. They stressed upon security … Dr. Hamid Hassan, Director FAST NUCES Lahore campus inaugurated the newly constructed Mac Lab at FAST School of Computing (FSC). This lab is a valuable addition to FSC's technical infrastructure and is expected to facilitate our students in key industry-relevant courses and projects. Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan 2019-2020 started 1 May 2020 and ended on 30 June 2020. A large number of researchers from universities across Pakistan participated in the event. Mohammad Badar ud Din of FAST-NUCES won the 7th position in the contest winning an Apple iPad. Justice Gul Mohammad Library, FAST-NUCES Lahore organized the Apple iPad awarding ceremony on October 1, 2020. … FAST University’s NUCES ACM Lahore Chapter has for the 2nd time won the coveted international excellence award for “Outstanding Chapter Activities”. ACM (Association for Computing Machinery) is an international learned society for computing which is considered as the largest and most prestigious scientific and educational computing society in the world. ACM Student Chapters are the “local neighborhoods” of ACM that facilitate communication and collaboration within a university’s computer science community. … NUCES-ACM Lahore Chapter Holds 8th Annual Geek Week from February 28 - March 1. The event was attended by students from different universities including ITU, PUCIT, UOL, UMT and NUST. Different workshops and seminars were held along with different competitions. Different seminars and competitions received overwhelming response. The winners and runner-ups for different competitions are given below: Programming Competition - Winners: FAST- Batch 17 students, Runner-up: ITU HighQ - Winner: … The CS department organized a seminar on teacher training recently. Mr. Roy Andersen, a recognised global educational expert agreed to grace the occasion with his presence and share his valuable experience. He talked about many years of scientific research into what intelligence is, how to improve the operation of the school and how teachers can teach better. Mr. Roy talked of “The Brain Environment Complex Theory,” which presents a new … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science held a talk on "Deciphering the Secret Code of Life; Genetics for Computer Scientists". The guest speaker was Dr Muhammad Zaman Khan Assir who is an Assistant Professor of Medicine at Allama Iqbal Medical College Lahore. The guest speaker talked about recent revolution in sequencing technologies that has led to an outpouring of enormous data that is being shared by … The Department of Computer Science at FAST, Lahore campus recently held a workshop on Kaggle and all its different features. The guest speaker was Mr Adnan Zaidi, who is the Kaggle representative in Pakistan. The workshop was well attended by students and faculty. Mr Zaidi discussed and went over different features of Kaggle dataset and encouraged the audience to be an active member of the Kaggle society. NUCES ACM held a workshop on Graphic Design from 28th to 30th Jan 2020. The instructor, Mr. Umair Chaudhary, is a Product Design Head at Zameen.com and has a vast experience in the field of graphic and UI/UX design. The participants were familiarized with the basic concepts of typography, color psychology, logo making and poster making which made it a great learning opportunity. CS Department invited FYP students who had published papers from their FYPs. Both the groups were supervised by Dr. Aamir Wali. The groups talked about the importance of writing research papers. The groups talked about how the research work puts new knowledge in a public forum to announce it to others, so others can use it. In a more practical perspective, creating new knowledge gives a sense of achievement. After … Systems Ltd., one of the major software houses of Pakistan, organized a QA Meetup on November 30, 2019 in FAST-NUCES, Lahore. Over 400 participants from both the industry and the academia joined the event. The Meetup had organized several talks. Speakers talked about role of QA in Agile, how to effectively test analytical systems, and how to become a good automation engineer. The presentations were followed by a panel discussion … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Internet of Things Challenges and Opportunities delivered by Dr. Jasim Saeed a faculty member at the Department of Computer Science, Riphah International University, Lahore, Pakistan. Dr. Jasim’s research area comprises wireless sensor networks, focusing on Internet of Things, Smart Grid and privacy concerns in connected environments. During this talk the speaker elaborated the multiple research avenues and open challenges posed by the … Drupak held a 2 day workshop in FAST Lahore on 16th and 17th of November, 2019 in collaboration with NUCES-ACM, Lahore chapter. On day 1 of workshop, the team gave tutorials to students on how to make websites using Drupal platform. On second day, there were fruitful panel discussions and lab sessions on different uses of Drupal framework. The panel consisted of international speakers, well known in the Drupal community. … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science partnered with NUCES-ACM Lahore Chapter and held a seminar on Theoretical Computer Science. The seminar was held on November 13, 2019. Dr. Sarmad Abbasi graced the occasion with a lecture on "Chvatal's Art Gallery Theorem". The talk was elementary and self-contained. It allowed the audience a window to the wonderful subject of "Art gallery problem". A lot of interesting questions … The members of Industrial Collaboration Committee, under the leadership of Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, met with the CEO of Rareiio, Mellonie Francis, to discuss steps to improve collaboration between the Academia and the Industry. Various ways for collaboration came under discussion, ranging from involvement of BS(CS) students in industry projects to involvement of PhD students in research-oriented projects. After a fruitful discussion, it was decided that a team from Rareiio … The Faculty Development Committee of CS department organized a seminar on "How to set an Exam Paper". The aim of this interactive in-house discussion is to share and discuss techniques for setting effective exams. Dr. Asif Gilani, Dr. Kashif Zafar and Dr. Saira Karim shared their experiences in this regard. Various points came under discussion during the meeting. It was stressed upon by senior faculty members that the exam should … "Breaking the Ice" was hosted by NUCES ACM Student Chapter to bridge the gap between seniors and the fresh batch. The event was moderated by ACM President Rapheal Nazirullah and the panel of senior students included Noefal Ahmad, Saad Akbar, Maarij Fatima, Seerat Kamal and Mehar Fatima. The event was well attended by Batch 18 and 19 students. The panel discussed their journey through FAST and the problems they encountered. … The Graduate Research Laboratory Committee (GRLC), headed by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi and under the guidance of department chair Dr. Ali Afzal Malik successfully conducted the first PhD colloquium of existing research students on July 24 th , 2019. The colloquium was a one-day event aimed at giving the audience comprising of graduate students, faculty members and potential researchers an overview of the research projects being carried out in the department. … The GRL committee organized an informative talk by Mr. Sharjeel Qureshi, a Senior Software Engineer at Google. Mr. Qureshi (a graduate of FAST-NUCES) had been associated with Google for over five years and worked in the YouTube Player Infrastructure team on the optimization of video playbacks on Android. In this talk he discussed the engineering side of Google, from the culture and the benefits, to what life at Google is … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Named Data Networking in Connected & Smart Cities, by Dr. S.H Ahmad. He is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Georgia Southern University, U.S. Dr. Ahmad is heading the Wireless Internet and Networking Systems Lab at his department and in this research talk specifically focused on highlighting the driving forces for one of the popular Future Internet architecture … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Code-Based Post Quantum Cryptography delivered by Mr. Junaid Khan a research scientist at the Department of Information & Communication Engineering, Dongguk University, Seoul, South Korea. Mr. Khan's research area comprised of Code Based Post Quantum Cryptography, focusing on McEliece Cryptosystem and domains including Cryptography, Error Control Coding, Number Theory, Galois Field and Linear Algebra. The speaker shared his experiences in explaining the … Dr Aamir Shafi conducted a workshop "High Performance Computing using MPJ Express", on 15th July 2019, at the Belt and Road Aerospace Innovation Alliance (BRAIA) Summer Camp organized by NUST. More information about the event can be found in the link given below: http://www.nust.edu.pk/News/Pages/BRAIA-Summer-Camp-commences-at-NUST.aspx © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
To become a leading Computer Science Department that aspires for the betterment of society through excellence in teaching and high-quality research. To produce future thinkers, thought leaders and innovators in order to shape the future of the nation and humanity through high-quality computing education, research, and technopreneurship. To provide the theoretical and practical knowledge
           and skills required for a professional career in computing.
           The degree program follows computer science in breath covering core computer science and
           its applications within a code of ethics. To provide theoretical knowledge and
       practical skills required for a professional career in computing and data science.
       The degree program follows data science in breadth,
       covering core computing with a specialization in data science and
       its applications within the code of ethics. To provide theoretical knowledge and practical skills required
       for a professional career in Computing and Software Engineering. The degree program follows Software Engineering in breadth,
       covering core computing with a specialization in Software Engineering
       and its applications within the code of ethics. Dr. Kashif Zafar is associated with National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences since 2004 in the Department of Computer Science. Prior to joining NUCES, he was a faculty member at GIKI in the Faculty of Computer Science & Engineering from 2002 till 2004; specializes in the field of Artificial Intelligence. He has worked in the area of machine learning, swarm intelligence, computational intelligence, evolutionary algorithms, data mining, expert systems etc. He has been involved in teaching and research at undergraduate as well as graduate levels and has supervised numerous final year projects and Thesis. Dr. Kashif has been awarded full scholarship from Foundation for the Advancement of Science and Technology, Islamabad for his postgraduate studies. He has published a number of research papers in international journals and conferences of high repute. Dr. Kashif has hands-on experience in the IT industry and has worked in different organizations in USA and has around 15 years of full time job experience. A paper titled "Construction and Validation of Early Software Size Estimation Models Based on ADAF-Adjusted ACD Metrics", by Ms. Mariam Daud (PhD candidate) and her advisor Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted for publication in the prestigious Computer Journal (IF = 1.494). Paper titled " Metaheuristics based COVID-19 Detection using Medical Images: A Review  " authored by Mamoona Riaz (MS student), Dr. Maryam Bashir (CS faculty member), and Dr. Irfan Younas (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in prestigious journal "Computers in Biology and Medicine" by Elsevier, having impact factor of 4.58 and W category by HEC. Muhammad Ahmad, a student of batch 20 from FAST School of Computing, has won the 8th International Science and Youth Symposium (ISYS-20) that was held in GIKI in December 2020. The Faculty Development Committee of FAST School of Computing held an orientation session for the new faculty members who joined FAST-NU in Fall 2020 and Spring 2021. After introductions, Dr. Ali gave a brief history and overview of different programs being run under FAST School of Computing. A few tips on how to prepare for lectures were also provided by Dr. Ali, along with different responsibilities of faculty members. A … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
March 5, 2021  The Faculty Development Committee of FAST School of Computing held an orientation session for the new faculty members who joined FAST-NU in Fall 2020 and Spring 2021. After introductions, Dr. Ali gave a brief history and overview of different programs being run under FAST School of Computing. A few tips on how to prepare for lectures were also provided by Dr. Ali, along with different responsibilities of faculty members. A well-informed tutorial on how to use SLATE was then given by Mr. Ishaq Raza. Mr. Farooq also discussed training of lab instructors. Dr. Khwaja then discussed importance of research and gave a brief introduction of different research labs operating under FSC. He also familiarized the audience with different research tools and techniques to check plagairism along with different research fellowships. Dr. Maryam Bashir informed the participants about Quality Assurance for instructions and emphazised the need for keeping course folders.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
March 5, 2021  The Faculty Development Committee of FAST School of Computing held an orientation session for the new faculty members who joined FAST-NU in Fall 2020 and Spring 2021. After introductions, Dr. Ali gave a brief history and overview of different programs being run under FAST School of Computing. A few tips on how to prepare for lectures were also provided by Dr. Ali, along with different responsibilities of faculty members. A well-informed tutorial on how to use SLATE was then given by Mr. Ishaq Raza. Mr. Farooq also discussed training of lab instructors. Dr. Khwaja then discussed importance of research and gave a brief introduction of different research labs operating under FSC. He also familiarized the audience with different research tools and techniques to check plagairism along with different research fellowships. Dr. Maryam Bashir informed the participants about Quality Assurance for instructions and emphazised the need for keeping course folders.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor
                         & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor kashif.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asif.gilani@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.naseer@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zareen.alamgir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aasim.qureshi@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor arshad.ali1@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor r.asif@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saira.karim@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshanali.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aatira.anum@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aqadeer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.ahmadraza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ammar.haider@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor faisal.aslam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave haroon.mahmood@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave iqra.safder@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.Irteza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.ejaz@nu.edu.pk Adj. ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave hammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aamir.raheem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abeeda.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor bushra.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ishaq.raza@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave lehmia.kiran@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor maimoona.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqar.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave noshaba.nasir@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor samin.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sobia.tariq@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqas.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aleena.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.khalid@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave asbah.khalid@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer danyal.farhat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usama.hassan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hira.butt@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kiran.khurshid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maham.naeem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.akbar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mubashar.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.absar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.anam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer saifullah.tanvir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sajid.kazmi@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave salman.shoaib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer seemab.ayub@nu.edu.pk Lecturer uzair.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usman.anwer@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer zeeshan.nazar@nu.edu.pk Instructor amina.qaiser@nu.edu.pk Instructor hashir.mhsineen@lhr.nu.edu.pk Instructor junaid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Instructor maria.hassan@nu.edu.pk Instructor sukhan.amir@nu.edu.pk Instructor zoha.waheed@nu.edu.pk Instructor zulqarnain.Ishaq@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer marwa.khan@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty nauman.moazzam@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer saba.tariq@nu.edu.pk Professor
                         & CoordinatorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aamir.wali@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor maryam.bashir@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.waheed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubasher.baig@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ansa.liaqat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer esha.razia@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamad.ulqudous@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.saif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sana.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umme.ammarah@nu.edu.pk Instructor aqib.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk Junior LecturerOn Leave samman.ashraf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor
                         & Coordinator farooq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor ali.afzal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshan.rana@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anosha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer arooj.khalil@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fraz.yousaf@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hina.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.majid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mehroze.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer momna.zaneb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razi.uddin@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayaz.gillani@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rana.waqasali@nu.edu.pk Instructor m.hasan@nu.edu.pk InstructorOn Leave zehra.batool@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty amir.iqbal@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor
                         & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor kashif.zafar@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asif.gilani@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.naseer@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zareen.alamgir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aasim.qureshi@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor arshad.ali1@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor r.asif@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saira.karim@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshanali.khan@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aatira.anum@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aqadeer@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor muhammad.ahmadraza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ammar.haider@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor faisal.aslam@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave haroon.mahmood@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave iqra.safder@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor m.Irteza@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.ejaz@nu.edu.pk Adj. ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave hammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor aamir.raheem@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor abeeda.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor bushra.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ishaq.raza@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave lehmia.kiran@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor maimoona.akram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqar.baig@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorOn Leave noshaba.nasir@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor samin.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sobia.tariq@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor waqas.manzoor@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aleena.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.khalid@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave asbah.khalid@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer danyal.farhat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usama.hassan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hira.butt@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kiran.khurshid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer maham.naeem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.akbar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mubashar.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.naveed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.absar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.anam@nu.edu.pk Lecturer saifullah.tanvir@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sajid.kazmi@nu.edu.pk LecturerOn Leave salman.shoaib@nu.edu.pk Lecturer seemab.ayub@nu.edu.pk Lecturer uzair.naqvi@nu.edu.pk Lecturer usman.anwer@lhr.nu.edu.pk Lecturer zeeshan.nazar@nu.edu.pk Instructor amina.qaiser@nu.edu.pk Instructor hashir.mhsineen@lhr.nu.edu.pk Instructor junaid.hussain@nu.edu.pk Instructor maria.hassan@nu.edu.pk Instructor sukhan.amir@nu.edu.pk Instructor zoha.waheed@nu.edu.pk Instructor zulqarnain.Ishaq@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer marwa.khan@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty nauman.moazzam@nu.edu.pk Junior Lecturer saba.tariq@nu.edu.pk Professor
                         & CoordinatorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor aamir.wali@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor maryam.bashir@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor asma.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.waheed@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubasher.baig@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ansa.liaqat@nu.edu.pk Lecturer esha.razia@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamad.ulqudous@nu.edu.pk Lecturer muhammad.saif@nu.edu.pk Lecturer sana.fatima@nu.edu.pk Lecturer umme.ammarah@nu.edu.pk Instructor aqib.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk Junior LecturerOn Leave samman.ashraf@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor
                         & Coordinator farooq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor ali.afzal@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zeeshan.rana@nu.edu.pk Lecturer anosha.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer arooj.khalil@nu.edu.pk Lecturer fraz.yousaf@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hina.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mamoona.majid@nu.edu.pk Lecturer mehroze.khan@nu.edu.pk Lecturer momna.zaneb@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razi.uddin@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayaz.gillani@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rana.waqasali@nu.edu.pk Instructor m.hasan@nu.edu.pk InstructorOn Leave zehra.batool@nu.edu.pk Adj. Faculty amir.iqbal@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Registration rules: Eligibility Criteria A student must have Registration Process for FYP-I Once you get the email from the FYP coordination committee about opening of FYP registration do the following: Fill and Submit the online registration formFYP-1 Online Registration Form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted) Fill out theFYP-1 Registration Form, (only) get it signed by the internal supervisor at your earliest and submit it to the FSC Academic Office. You are not required to get HoD's signatures and FYP coordinator's on the form, the department will do it once you submit the form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted. This form should contain details of all the group members). FYP group members withno course deficiencywill have to register themselves through Flex also.(The department will not register them on Flex) FYP Group members withone-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to HOD, this application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template application fromhere. FYP Group members withtwo-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to the Campus Director. This application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template from the application fromhere. If you need any special Hardware or Software subscription for your FYP, please fill out theFYP Hardware/Software Requisition Form. Attach this form with the registration form and submit both to the FSC academic office.The last date for submitting the Hardware Requisition Form to the Academic Office is two weeks after the FYP Registration Deadline (in case you do not know the hardware required at the start). The application of students with one or two deficiency courses will be handled by the department. After approval from the HOD and/or director, the department will register these students on flex within two weeks. Do not follow up before two weeks.(Do not email or directly contact the HOD or Director for approval. Your application is enough. If there is any issue with the application the department will contact you.) Only one registration form per group needs to be submitted. All the approval request applications by group members with one or two course deficiencies has to be attached to this one registration form. For example, if 1stgroup member has 92 credit hours, he will attach his application to the Director, if 2ndgroup member has 96 credit hours, he will attach his application to the HOD and if 3rdgroup member has 100 credit hours he will directly register through Flex. 1stand 2ndgroup members will also attach their transcripts with the applications. FYPs offered by Faculty If you are interested in any of the projects offered by faculty, you can directly contact that faculty member. FYP-1 offered by Industry Fall 2024 If you are interested in any of the projects offered by industry, do the following steps: In case you need further help, please contact FYP coordinatorMr. Junaid Hussain.   Deliverable Name FYP Report FYP Report  Deliverable I - Project Proposal FYP Proposal Defence DeliverableII Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. R&D Projects Complete theChapters 1 to 6as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. Development Projects Complete theChapters1 to 5as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. TheAbstract, Executive SummaryandReferencesections are compulsory for all types of projects but theAppendixis optional.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Mid-Evaluations Presentation Details: You will prepare a presentation of 10 to 15 minutes that must cover the following: Deliverable III Development Projects R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Submission of Prototype is not required, it will be demonstrated in your FYP Final Evaluations.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission:  2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 15 minutes that must cover the following:   Deliverable Name FYP Report  Deliverable I - Poster Submission The FYP poster is a condensed representation of an FYP. It should be neat, attractive, and very inviting.Posters will be evaluated by the faculty panel. Groups will be shortlisted to present their project posters in Job Fair.This will give the opportunity to showcase your work to companies during Job fair.FYP groups will design the posters and the university will get all the approved FYPs printed.  The following is a list of recommended poster guidelines:You may seeSample postersfor reference only. Submission Instructions for FYP Poster FYP Poster Evaluation FYP Mid-Evaluations 1- Report Submission: 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. Deliverable II -Test Cases / Experimental Results Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. Development /R&D Projects Research/R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission: Soft Copy of Report: Feedback on Deliverable II will be shared with you before the Final Evaluations. You are required to resolve all the issues mentioned in the feedback comments and re-submit the pdf of the updated FYP Report in the Final Evaluations submission folder. Hard Copy of Report: Submit the hard copy of your updated document/report, signed by your supervisor, to the FSC Academic Office. Submission Date and Time will be shared via email. Both the hard and soft copies are compulsory to be submitted by all the groups.Anyone failing to submit the hard copy with the supervisor's signatures will not be allowed to present. 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Keep the soft copy of your FYP report ready with you during the presentation. You must ensure that your documentation is in sync with your application. Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. FYP Final Evaluation Schedule will be shared with you via Email. Hard Binding Submission for Degree Clearance General Submission Instructions FYP Coordinators: FYP Committee Members: © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Registration rules: Eligibility Criteria A student must have Registration Process for FYP-I Once you get the email from the FYP coordination committee about opening of FYP registration do the following: Fill and Submit the online registration formFYP-1 Online Registration Form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted) Fill out theFYP-1 Registration Form, (only) get it signed by the internal supervisor at your earliest and submit it to the FSC Academic Office. You are not required to get HoD's signatures and FYP coordinator's on the form, the department will do it once you submit the form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted. This form should contain details of all the group members). FYP group members withno course deficiencywill have to register themselves through Flex also.(The department will not register them on Flex) FYP Group members withone-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to HOD, this application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template application fromhere. FYP Group members withtwo-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to the Campus Director. This application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template from the application fromhere. If you need any special Hardware or Software subscription for your FYP, please fill out theFYP Hardware/Software Requisition Form. Attach this form with the registration form and submit both to the FSC academic office.The last date for submitting the Hardware Requisition Form to the Academic Office is two weeks after the FYP Registration Deadline (in case you do not know the hardware required at the start). The application of students with one or two deficiency courses will be handled by the department. After approval from the HOD and/or director, the department will register these students on flex within two weeks. Do not follow up before two weeks.(Do not email or directly contact the HOD or Director for approval. Your application is enough. If there is any issue with the application the department will contact you.) Only one registration form per group needs to be submitted. All the approval request applications by group members with one or two course deficiencies has to be attached to this one registration form. For example, if 1stgroup member has 92 credit hours, he will attach his application to the Director, if 2ndgroup member has 96 credit hours, he will attach his application to the HOD and if 3rdgroup member has 100 credit hours he will directly register through Flex. 1stand 2ndgroup members will also attach their transcripts with the applications. FYPs offered by Faculty If you are interested in any of the projects offered by faculty, you can directly contact that faculty member. FYP-1 offered by Industry Fall 2024 If you are interested in any of the projects offered by industry, do the following steps: In case you need further help, please contact FYP coordinatorMr. Junaid Hussain.   Deliverable Name FYP Report FYP Report  Deliverable I - Project Proposal FYP Proposal Defence DeliverableII Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. R&D Projects Complete theChapters 1 to 6as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. Development Projects Complete theChapters1 to 5as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. TheAbstract, Executive SummaryandReferencesections are compulsory for all types of projects but theAppendixis optional.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Mid-Evaluations Presentation Details: You will prepare a presentation of 10 to 15 minutes that must cover the following: Deliverable III Development Projects R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Submission of Prototype is not required, it will be demonstrated in your FYP Final Evaluations.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission:  2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 15 minutes that must cover the following:   Deliverable Name FYP Report  Deliverable I - Poster Submission The FYP poster is a condensed representation of an FYP. It should be neat, attractive, and very inviting.Posters will be evaluated by the faculty panel. Groups will be shortlisted to present their project posters in Job Fair.This will give the opportunity to showcase your work to companies during Job fair.FYP groups will design the posters and the university will get all the approved FYPs printed.  The following is a list of recommended poster guidelines:You may seeSample postersfor reference only. Submission Instructions for FYP Poster FYP Poster Evaluation FYP Mid-Evaluations 1- Report Submission: 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. Deliverable II -Test Cases / Experimental Results Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. Development /R&D Projects Research/R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission: Soft Copy of Report: Feedback on Deliverable II will be shared with you before the Final Evaluations. You are required to resolve all the issues mentioned in the feedback comments and re-submit the pdf of the updated FYP Report in the Final Evaluations submission folder. Hard Copy of Report: Submit the hard copy of your updated document/report, signed by your supervisor, to the FSC Academic Office. Submission Date and Time will be shared via email. Both the hard and soft copies are compulsory to be submitted by all the groups.Anyone failing to submit the hard copy with the supervisor's signatures will not be allowed to present. 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Keep the soft copy of your FYP report ready with you during the presentation. You must ensure that your documentation is in sync with your application. Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. FYP Final Evaluation Schedule will be shared with you via Email. Hard Binding Submission for Degree Clearance General Submission Instructions FYP Coordinators: FYP Committee Members: © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Registration rules: Eligibility Criteria A student must have Registration Process for FYP-I Once you get the email from the FYP coordination committee about opening of FYP registration do the following: Fill and Submit the online registration formFYP-1 Online Registration Form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted) Fill out theFYP-1 Registration Form, (only) get it signed by the internal supervisor at your earliest and submit it to the FSC Academic Office. You are not required to get HoD's signatures and FYP coordinator's on the form, the department will do it once you submit the form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted. This form should contain details of all the group members). FYP group members withno course deficiencywill have to register themselves through Flex also.(The department will not register them on Flex) FYP Group members withone-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to HOD, this application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template application fromhere. FYP Group members withtwo-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to the Campus Director. This application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template from the application fromhere. If you need any special Hardware or Software subscription for your FYP, please fill out theFYP Hardware/Software Requisition Form. Attach this form with the registration form and submit both to the FSC academic office.The last date for submitting the Hardware Requisition Form to the Academic Office is two weeks after the FYP Registration Deadline (in case you do not know the hardware required at the start). The application of students with one or two deficiency courses will be handled by the department. After approval from the HOD and/or director, the department will register these students on flex within two weeks. Do not follow up before two weeks.(Do not email or directly contact the HOD or Director for approval. Your application is enough. If there is any issue with the application the department will contact you.) Only one registration form per group needs to be submitted. All the approval request applications by group members with one or two course deficiencies has to be attached to this one registration form. For example, if 1stgroup member has 92 credit hours, he will attach his application to the Director, if 2ndgroup member has 96 credit hours, he will attach his application to the HOD and if 3rdgroup member has 100 credit hours he will directly register through Flex. 1stand 2ndgroup members will also attach their transcripts with the applications. FYPs offered by Faculty If you are interested in any of the projects offered by faculty, you can directly contact that faculty member. FYP-1 offered by Industry Fall 2024 If you are interested in any of the projects offered by industry, do the following steps: In case you need further help, please contact FYP coordinatorMr. Junaid Hussain.   Deliverable Name FYP Report FYP Report  Deliverable I - Project Proposal FYP Proposal Defence DeliverableII Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. R&D Projects Complete theChapters 1 to 6as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. Development Projects Complete theChapters1 to 5as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. TheAbstract, Executive SummaryandReferencesections are compulsory for all types of projects but theAppendixis optional.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Mid-Evaluations Presentation Details: You will prepare a presentation of 10 to 15 minutes that must cover the following: Deliverable III Development Projects R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Submission of Prototype is not required, it will be demonstrated in your FYP Final Evaluations.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission:  2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 15 minutes that must cover the following:   Deliverable Name FYP Report  Deliverable I - Poster Submission The FYP poster is a condensed representation of an FYP. It should be neat, attractive, and very inviting.Posters will be evaluated by the faculty panel. Groups will be shortlisted to present their project posters in Job Fair.This will give the opportunity to showcase your work to companies during Job fair.FYP groups will design the posters and the university will get all the approved FYPs printed.  The following is a list of recommended poster guidelines:You may seeSample postersfor reference only. Submission Instructions for FYP Poster FYP Poster Evaluation FYP Mid-Evaluations 1- Report Submission: 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. Deliverable II -Test Cases / Experimental Results Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. Development /R&D Projects Research/R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission: Soft Copy of Report: Feedback on Deliverable II will be shared with you before the Final Evaluations. You are required to resolve all the issues mentioned in the feedback comments and re-submit the pdf of the updated FYP Report in the Final Evaluations submission folder. Hard Copy of Report: Submit the hard copy of your updated document/report, signed by your supervisor, to the FSC Academic Office. Submission Date and Time will be shared via email. Both the hard and soft copies are compulsory to be submitted by all the groups.Anyone failing to submit the hard copy with the supervisor's signatures will not be allowed to present. 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Keep the soft copy of your FYP report ready with you during the presentation. You must ensure that your documentation is in sync with your application. Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. FYP Final Evaluation Schedule will be shared with you via Email. Hard Binding Submission for Degree Clearance General Submission Instructions FYP Coordinators: FYP Committee Members: © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Registration rules: Eligibility Criteria A student must have Registration Process for FYP-I Once you get the email from the FYP coordination committee about opening of FYP registration do the following: Fill and Submit the online registration formFYP-1 Online Registration Form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted) Fill out theFYP-1 Registration Form, (only) get it signed by the internal supervisor at your earliest and submit it to the FSC Academic Office. You are not required to get HoD's signatures and FYP coordinator's on the form, the department will do it once you submit the form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted. This form should contain details of all the group members). FYP group members withno course deficiencywill have to register themselves through Flex also.(The department will not register them on Flex) FYP Group members withone-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to HOD, this application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template application fromhere. FYP Group members withtwo-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to the Campus Director. This application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template from the application fromhere. If you need any special Hardware or Software subscription for your FYP, please fill out theFYP Hardware/Software Requisition Form. Attach this form with the registration form and submit both to the FSC academic office.The last date for submitting the Hardware Requisition Form to the Academic Office is two weeks after the FYP Registration Deadline (in case you do not know the hardware required at the start). The application of students with one or two deficiency courses will be handled by the department. After approval from the HOD and/or director, the department will register these students on flex within two weeks. Do not follow up before two weeks.(Do not email or directly contact the HOD or Director for approval. Your application is enough. If there is any issue with the application the department will contact you.) Only one registration form per group needs to be submitted. All the approval request applications by group members with one or two course deficiencies has to be attached to this one registration form. For example, if 1stgroup member has 92 credit hours, he will attach his application to the Director, if 2ndgroup member has 96 credit hours, he will attach his application to the HOD and if 3rdgroup member has 100 credit hours he will directly register through Flex. 1stand 2ndgroup members will also attach their transcripts with the applications. FYPs offered by Faculty If you are interested in any of the projects offered by faculty, you can directly contact that faculty member. FYP-1 offered by Industry Fall 2024 If you are interested in any of the projects offered by industry, do the following steps: In case you need further help, please contact FYP coordinatorMr. Junaid Hussain.   Deliverable Name FYP Report FYP Report  Deliverable I - Project Proposal FYP Proposal Defence DeliverableII Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. R&D Projects Complete theChapters 1 to 6as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. Development Projects Complete theChapters1 to 5as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. TheAbstract, Executive SummaryandReferencesections are compulsory for all types of projects but theAppendixis optional.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Mid-Evaluations Presentation Details: You will prepare a presentation of 10 to 15 minutes that must cover the following: Deliverable III Development Projects R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Submission of Prototype is not required, it will be demonstrated in your FYP Final Evaluations.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission:  2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 15 minutes that must cover the following:   Deliverable Name FYP Report  Deliverable I - Poster Submission The FYP poster is a condensed representation of an FYP. It should be neat, attractive, and very inviting.Posters will be evaluated by the faculty panel. Groups will be shortlisted to present their project posters in Job Fair.This will give the opportunity to showcase your work to companies during Job fair.FYP groups will design the posters and the university will get all the approved FYPs printed.  The following is a list of recommended poster guidelines:You may seeSample postersfor reference only. Submission Instructions for FYP Poster FYP Poster Evaluation FYP Mid-Evaluations 1- Report Submission: 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. Deliverable II -Test Cases / Experimental Results Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. Development /R&D Projects Research/R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission: Soft Copy of Report: Feedback on Deliverable II will be shared with you before the Final Evaluations. You are required to resolve all the issues mentioned in the feedback comments and re-submit the pdf of the updated FYP Report in the Final Evaluations submission folder. Hard Copy of Report: Submit the hard copy of your updated document/report, signed by your supervisor, to the FSC Academic Office. Submission Date and Time will be shared via email. Both the hard and soft copies are compulsory to be submitted by all the groups.Anyone failing to submit the hard copy with the supervisor's signatures will not be allowed to present. 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Keep the soft copy of your FYP report ready with you during the presentation. You must ensure that your documentation is in sync with your application. Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. FYP Final Evaluation Schedule will be shared with you via Email. Hard Binding Submission for Degree Clearance General Submission Instructions FYP Coordinators: FYP Committee Members: © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Registration rules: Eligibility Criteria A student must have Registration Process for FYP-I Once you get the email from the FYP coordination committee about opening of FYP registration do the following: Fill and Submit the online registration formFYP-1 Online Registration Form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted) Fill out theFYP-1 Registration Form, (only) get it signed by the internal supervisor at your earliest and submit it to the FSC Academic Office. You are not required to get HoD's signatures and FYP coordinator's on the form, the department will do it once you submit the form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted. This form should contain details of all the group members). FYP group members withno course deficiencywill have to register themselves through Flex also.(The department will not register them on Flex) FYP Group members withone-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to HOD, this application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template application fromhere. FYP Group members withtwo-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to the Campus Director. This application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template from the application fromhere. If you need any special Hardware or Software subscription for your FYP, please fill out theFYP Hardware/Software Requisition Form. Attach this form with the registration form and submit both to the FSC academic office.The last date for submitting the Hardware Requisition Form to the Academic Office is two weeks after the FYP Registration Deadline (in case you do not know the hardware required at the start). The application of students with one or two deficiency courses will be handled by the department. After approval from the HOD and/or director, the department will register these students on flex within two weeks. Do not follow up before two weeks.(Do not email or directly contact the HOD or Director for approval. Your application is enough. If there is any issue with the application the department will contact you.) Only one registration form per group needs to be submitted. All the approval request applications by group members with one or two course deficiencies has to be attached to this one registration form. For example, if 1stgroup member has 92 credit hours, he will attach his application to the Director, if 2ndgroup member has 96 credit hours, he will attach his application to the HOD and if 3rdgroup member has 100 credit hours he will directly register through Flex. 1stand 2ndgroup members will also attach their transcripts with the applications. FYPs offered by Faculty If you are interested in any of the projects offered by faculty, you can directly contact that faculty member. FYP-1 offered by Industry Fall 2024 If you are interested in any of the projects offered by industry, do the following steps: In case you need further help, please contact FYP coordinatorMr. Junaid Hussain.   Deliverable Name FYP Report FYP Report  Deliverable I - Project Proposal FYP Proposal Defence DeliverableII Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. R&D Projects Complete theChapters 1 to 6as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. Development Projects Complete theChapters1 to 5as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. TheAbstract, Executive SummaryandReferencesections are compulsory for all types of projects but theAppendixis optional.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Mid-Evaluations Presentation Details: You will prepare a presentation of 10 to 15 minutes that must cover the following: Deliverable III Development Projects R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Submission of Prototype is not required, it will be demonstrated in your FYP Final Evaluations.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission:  2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 15 minutes that must cover the following:   Deliverable Name FYP Report  Deliverable I - Poster Submission The FYP poster is a condensed representation of an FYP. It should be neat, attractive, and very inviting.Posters will be evaluated by the faculty panel. Groups will be shortlisted to present their project posters in Job Fair.This will give the opportunity to showcase your work to companies during Job fair.FYP groups will design the posters and the university will get all the approved FYPs printed.  The following is a list of recommended poster guidelines:You may seeSample postersfor reference only. Submission Instructions for FYP Poster FYP Poster Evaluation FYP Mid-Evaluations 1- Report Submission: 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. Deliverable II -Test Cases / Experimental Results Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. Development /R&D Projects Research/R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission: Soft Copy of Report: Feedback on Deliverable II will be shared with you before the Final Evaluations. You are required to resolve all the issues mentioned in the feedback comments and re-submit the pdf of the updated FYP Report in the Final Evaluations submission folder. Hard Copy of Report: Submit the hard copy of your updated document/report, signed by your supervisor, to the FSC Academic Office. Submission Date and Time will be shared via email. Both the hard and soft copies are compulsory to be submitted by all the groups.Anyone failing to submit the hard copy with the supervisor's signatures will not be allowed to present. 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Keep the soft copy of your FYP report ready with you during the presentation. You must ensure that your documentation is in sync with your application. Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. FYP Final Evaluation Schedule will be shared with you via Email. Hard Binding Submission for Degree Clearance General Submission Instructions FYP Coordinators: FYP Committee Members: © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Registration rules: Eligibility Criteria A student must have Registration Process for FYP-I Once you get the email from the FYP coordination committee about opening of FYP registration do the following: Fill and Submit the online registration formFYP-1 Online Registration Form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted) Fill out theFYP-1 Registration Form, (only) get it signed by the internal supervisor at your earliest and submit it to the FSC Academic Office. You are not required to get HoD's signatures and FYP coordinator's on the form, the department will do it once you submit the form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted. This form should contain details of all the group members). FYP group members withno course deficiencywill have to register themselves through Flex also.(The department will not register them on Flex) FYP Group members withone-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to HOD, this application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template application fromhere. FYP Group members withtwo-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to the Campus Director. This application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template from the application fromhere. If you need any special Hardware or Software subscription for your FYP, please fill out theFYP Hardware/Software Requisition Form. Attach this form with the registration form and submit both to the FSC academic office.The last date for submitting the Hardware Requisition Form to the Academic Office is two weeks after the FYP Registration Deadline (in case you do not know the hardware required at the start). The application of students with one or two deficiency courses will be handled by the department. After approval from the HOD and/or director, the department will register these students on flex within two weeks. Do not follow up before two weeks.(Do not email or directly contact the HOD or Director for approval. Your application is enough. If there is any issue with the application the department will contact you.) Only one registration form per group needs to be submitted. All the approval request applications by group members with one or two course deficiencies has to be attached to this one registration form. For example, if 1stgroup member has 92 credit hours, he will attach his application to the Director, if 2ndgroup member has 96 credit hours, he will attach his application to the HOD and if 3rdgroup member has 100 credit hours he will directly register through Flex. 1stand 2ndgroup members will also attach their transcripts with the applications. FYPs offered by Faculty If you are interested in any of the projects offered by faculty, you can directly contact that faculty member. FYP-1 offered by Industry Fall 2024 If you are interested in any of the projects offered by industry, do the following steps: In case you need further help, please contact FYP coordinatorMr. Junaid Hussain.   Deliverable Name FYP Report FYP Report  Deliverable I - Project Proposal FYP Proposal Defence DeliverableII Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. R&D Projects Complete theChapters 1 to 6as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. Development Projects Complete theChapters1 to 5as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. TheAbstract, Executive SummaryandReferencesections are compulsory for all types of projects but theAppendixis optional.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Mid-Evaluations Presentation Details: You will prepare a presentation of 10 to 15 minutes that must cover the following: Deliverable III Development Projects R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Submission of Prototype is not required, it will be demonstrated in your FYP Final Evaluations.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission:  2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 15 minutes that must cover the following:   Deliverable Name FYP Report  Deliverable I - Poster Submission The FYP poster is a condensed representation of an FYP. It should be neat, attractive, and very inviting.Posters will be evaluated by the faculty panel. Groups will be shortlisted to present their project posters in Job Fair.This will give the opportunity to showcase your work to companies during Job fair.FYP groups will design the posters and the university will get all the approved FYPs printed.  The following is a list of recommended poster guidelines:You may seeSample postersfor reference only. Submission Instructions for FYP Poster FYP Poster Evaluation FYP Mid-Evaluations 1- Report Submission: 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. Deliverable II -Test Cases / Experimental Results Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. Development /R&D Projects Research/R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission: Soft Copy of Report: Feedback on Deliverable II will be shared with you before the Final Evaluations. You are required to resolve all the issues mentioned in the feedback comments and re-submit the pdf of the updated FYP Report in the Final Evaluations submission folder. Hard Copy of Report: Submit the hard copy of your updated document/report, signed by your supervisor, to the FSC Academic Office. Submission Date and Time will be shared via email. Both the hard and soft copies are compulsory to be submitted by all the groups.Anyone failing to submit the hard copy with the supervisor's signatures will not be allowed to present. 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Keep the soft copy of your FYP report ready with you during the presentation. You must ensure that your documentation is in sync with your application. Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. FYP Final Evaluation Schedule will be shared with you via Email. Hard Binding Submission for Degree Clearance General Submission Instructions FYP Coordinators: FYP Committee Members: © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Registration rules: Eligibility Criteria A student must have Registration Process for FYP-I Once you get the email from the FYP coordination committee about opening of FYP registration do the following: Fill and Submit the online registration formFYP-1 Online Registration Form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted) Fill out theFYP-1 Registration Form, (only) get it signed by the internal supervisor at your earliest and submit it to the FSC Academic Office. You are not required to get HoD's signatures and FYP coordinator's on the form, the department will do it once you submit the form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted. This form should contain details of all the group members). FYP group members withno course deficiencywill have to register themselves through Flex also.(The department will not register them on Flex) FYP Group members withone-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to HOD, this application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template application fromhere. FYP Group members withtwo-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to the Campus Director. This application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template from the application fromhere. If you need any special Hardware or Software subscription for your FYP, please fill out theFYP Hardware/Software Requisition Form. Attach this form with the registration form and submit both to the FSC academic office.The last date for submitting the Hardware Requisition Form to the Academic Office is two weeks after the FYP Registration Deadline (in case you do not know the hardware required at the start). The application of students with one or two deficiency courses will be handled by the department. After approval from the HOD and/or director, the department will register these students on flex within two weeks. Do not follow up before two weeks.(Do not email or directly contact the HOD or Director for approval. Your application is enough. If there is any issue with the application the department will contact you.) Only one registration form per group needs to be submitted. All the approval request applications by group members with one or two course deficiencies has to be attached to this one registration form. For example, if 1stgroup member has 92 credit hours, he will attach his application to the Director, if 2ndgroup member has 96 credit hours, he will attach his application to the HOD and if 3rdgroup member has 100 credit hours he will directly register through Flex. 1stand 2ndgroup members will also attach their transcripts with the applications. FYPs offered by Faculty If you are interested in any of the projects offered by faculty, you can directly contact that faculty member. FYP-1 offered by Industry Fall 2024 If you are interested in any of the projects offered by industry, do the following steps: In case you need further help, please contact FYP coordinatorMr. Junaid Hussain.   Deliverable Name FYP Report FYP Report  Deliverable I - Project Proposal FYP Proposal Defence DeliverableII Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. R&D Projects Complete theChapters 1 to 6as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. Development Projects Complete theChapters1 to 5as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. TheAbstract, Executive SummaryandReferencesections are compulsory for all types of projects but theAppendixis optional.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Mid-Evaluations Presentation Details: You will prepare a presentation of 10 to 15 minutes that must cover the following: Deliverable III Development Projects R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Submission of Prototype is not required, it will be demonstrated in your FYP Final Evaluations.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission:  2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 15 minutes that must cover the following:   Deliverable Name FYP Report  Deliverable I - Poster Submission The FYP poster is a condensed representation of an FYP. It should be neat, attractive, and very inviting.Posters will be evaluated by the faculty panel. Groups will be shortlisted to present their project posters in Job Fair.This will give the opportunity to showcase your work to companies during Job fair.FYP groups will design the posters and the university will get all the approved FYPs printed.  The following is a list of recommended poster guidelines:You may seeSample postersfor reference only. Submission Instructions for FYP Poster FYP Poster Evaluation FYP Mid-Evaluations 1- Report Submission: 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. Deliverable II -Test Cases / Experimental Results Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. Development /R&D Projects Research/R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission: Soft Copy of Report: Feedback on Deliverable II will be shared with you before the Final Evaluations. You are required to resolve all the issues mentioned in the feedback comments and re-submit the pdf of the updated FYP Report in the Final Evaluations submission folder. Hard Copy of Report: Submit the hard copy of your updated document/report, signed by your supervisor, to the FSC Academic Office. Submission Date and Time will be shared via email. Both the hard and soft copies are compulsory to be submitted by all the groups.Anyone failing to submit the hard copy with the supervisor's signatures will not be allowed to present. 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Keep the soft copy of your FYP report ready with you during the presentation. You must ensure that your documentation is in sync with your application. Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. FYP Final Evaluation Schedule will be shared with you via Email. Hard Binding Submission for Degree Clearance General Submission Instructions FYP Coordinators: FYP Committee Members: © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Registration rules: Eligibility Criteria A student must have Registration Process for FYP-I Once you get the email from the FYP coordination committee about opening of FYP registration do the following: Fill and Submit the online registration formFYP-1 Online Registration Form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted) Fill out theFYP-1 Registration Form, (only) get it signed by the internal supervisor at your earliest and submit it to the FSC Academic Office. You are not required to get HoD's signatures and FYP coordinator's on the form, the department will do it once you submit the form.(Only one form per group needs to be submitted. This form should contain details of all the group members). FYP group members withno course deficiencywill have to register themselves through Flex also.(The department will not register them on Flex) FYP Group members withone-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to HOD, this application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template application fromhere. FYP Group members withtwo-coursedeficiencyhave to write a registration approval request to the Campus Director. This application is to be submitted along with the FYP registration form that contains the whole group’s information. Also, attach your transcripts with your application. You can use the template from the application fromhere. If you need any special Hardware or Software subscription for your FYP, please fill out theFYP Hardware/Software Requisition Form. Attach this form with the registration form and submit both to the FSC academic office.The last date for submitting the Hardware Requisition Form to the Academic Office is two weeks after the FYP Registration Deadline (in case you do not know the hardware required at the start). The application of students with one or two deficiency courses will be handled by the department. After approval from the HOD and/or director, the department will register these students on flex within two weeks. Do not follow up before two weeks.(Do not email or directly contact the HOD or Director for approval. Your application is enough. If there is any issue with the application the department will contact you.) Only one registration form per group needs to be submitted. All the approval request applications by group members with one or two course deficiencies has to be attached to this one registration form. For example, if 1stgroup member has 92 credit hours, he will attach his application to the Director, if 2ndgroup member has 96 credit hours, he will attach his application to the HOD and if 3rdgroup member has 100 credit hours he will directly register through Flex. 1stand 2ndgroup members will also attach their transcripts with the applications. FYPs offered by Faculty If you are interested in any of the projects offered by faculty, you can directly contact that faculty member. FYP-1 offered by Industry Fall 2024 If you are interested in any of the projects offered by industry, do the following steps: In case you need further help, please contact FYP coordinatorMr. Junaid Hussain.   Deliverable Name FYP Report FYP Report  Deliverable I - Project Proposal FYP Proposal Defence DeliverableII Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. R&D Projects Complete theChapters 1 to 6as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. Development Projects Complete theChapters1 to 5as listed below and submit them as Deliverable II. TheAbstract, Executive SummaryandReferencesections are compulsory for all types of projects but theAppendixis optional.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Mid-Evaluations Presentation Details: You will prepare a presentation of 10 to 15 minutes that must cover the following: Deliverable III Development Projects R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Submission of Prototype is not required, it will be demonstrated in your FYP Final Evaluations.Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission:  2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 15 minutes that must cover the following:   Deliverable Name FYP Report  Deliverable I - Poster Submission The FYP poster is a condensed representation of an FYP. It should be neat, attractive, and very inviting.Posters will be evaluated by the faculty panel. Groups will be shortlisted to present their project posters in Job Fair.This will give the opportunity to showcase your work to companies during Job fair.FYP groups will design the posters and the university will get all the approved FYPs printed.  The following is a list of recommended poster guidelines:You may seeSample postersfor reference only. Submission Instructions for FYP Poster FYP Poster Evaluation FYP Mid-Evaluations 1- Report Submission: 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. Deliverable II -Test Cases / Experimental Results Download the FYP report template from this linkFYP Report Zip You may seeSample Project Reportsfor reference only. Development /R&D Projects Research/R&D Projects Along with the report also submit your(Turnitin)plagiarism reportand(Turnitin)AI report.The accepted percentage is 15% or less. You may get the (Turnitin) plagiarism report by emailing your FYP Report to the library atlibrarylhr@nu.edu.pk. Follow the "General Submission Instructions". FYP Final Evaluations 1- Report Submission: Soft Copy of Report: Feedback on Deliverable II will be shared with you before the Final Evaluations. You are required to resolve all the issues mentioned in the feedback comments and re-submit the pdf of the updated FYP Report in the Final Evaluations submission folder. Hard Copy of Report: Submit the hard copy of your updated document/report, signed by your supervisor, to the FSC Academic Office. Submission Date and Time will be shared via email. Both the hard and soft copies are compulsory to be submitted by all the groups.Anyone failing to submit the hard copy with the supervisor's signatures will not be allowed to present. 2- Presentation Details: You will have to prepare a presentation of 20 minutes that must cover the following: Keep the soft copy of your FYP report ready with you during the presentation. You must ensure that your documentation is in sync with your application. Your dressing should be formal and the medium of communication should be English. Get your presentation approved by your supervisor in time. The faculty will attend your presentations and provide feedback. FYP Final Evaluation Schedule will be shared with you via Email. Hard Binding Submission for Degree Clearance General Submission Instructions FYP Coordinators: FYP Committee Members: © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
A paper titled "Construction and Validation of Early Software Size Estimation Models Based on ADAF-Adjusted ACD Metrics", by Ms. Mariam Daud (PhD candidate) and her advisor Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted for publication in the prestigious Computer Journal (IF = 1.494). Paper titled " Metaheuristics based COVID-19 Detection using Medical Images: A Review  " authored by Mamoona Riaz (MS student), Dr. Maryam Bashir (CS faculty member), and Dr. Irfan Younas (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in prestigious journal "Computers in Biology and Medicine" by Elsevier, having impact factor of 4.58 and W category by HEC. Paper titled "Lures for Money: A First Look into Youtube Videos Promoting Money-Making Apps" by Ms. Noshaba Nasir has been accepted for presentation at 17th ACM Asia Conference on Computer and Communications Security (AsiaCCS2022), which is a Core A ranked conference. This research is a collaboration with Dr. Mobin Javed, SIA Lab, LUMS. Paper titled "Computerization of Off-Topic Essay Detection: A possibility?" authored by Areeba Shahzad (MS student) and Dr. Aamir Wali (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in "Education and Information Technologies" journal by Springer Nature, having impact factor 2.9. This publication is an outcome of research conducted by Ms. Areeba as part of her MS dissertation, supervised by Dr. Aamir Wali. The paper can be accessed online. Ms. Farwa Khan, MS Student at FAST School of Computing, along with their MS Thesis supervisor, Dr. Zareen Alamgir, have their research work accepted to be published at RecSys2021. RecSys is one of the most prestigious conferences in the area of Recommender systems. The work is titled as "A Payload Optimization Method for Federated Recommender Systems".
The work has been done in collaboration with a team of researches from Finland … The FAST School of Computing is pleased to announce the promotion of Dr. Irfan Younas to Associate Professor. He has a bachelor's degree from NUST and a Ph.D. degree from KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden. Dr. Irfan is leading the Optimization and Data Science (OptiMi'nDS) research group. His research interests include Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Science, Evolutionary Computation, Evolutionary Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and … Mr. Ghazanfer Abbas, alumni at the Department of Computer Science, along with his MS thesis supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, have their research article accepted to be published in the prestigious international journal, Forensic Science International [IF: 1.851]. The work has been done in collaboration with KICS-UET. Mr. Afzal Hussain, a PhD scholar at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access [IF: 3.745]. The paper is titled "Fog-Centric IoT Based Framework for Healthcare Monitoring, Management and Early Warning System". Mr. Javed Zahoor has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on May 28, 2021 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 10th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled "Ensemble based Classification of Microarray Gene-Expression Data Using Computational Intelligence Techniques" under the supervision of Dr. Kashif Zafar. Examiners included Dr. Usman Ghani Khan (Associate Professor … Ms. Marriam Daud, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with her PhD supervisor, Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, have their research article accepted to be published in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access, which now has an impact factor of 3.745. The paper is titled: "Improving the Accuracy of Early Software Size Estimation using Analysis-to-Design Adjustment Factors (ADAFs)". A paper co-authored by Dr. Zareen, Dr. Habib and PhD candidate Shakeel Zafar, titled "An Effective Blockchain Evaluation System based on Entropy - CRITIC weight method and MCDM techniques" has been accepted to be published in Springer journal Peer-to-Peer Networking and Applications with an impact factor of 2.793. Mr. Qamar Askari has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on March 5, 2021 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 9th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled "Socio-Nature Inspired Meta-heuristics for Global Optimization" under the supervision of Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas. Local examiners were Dr. Usman Ghani Khan (Associate Professor … Final year project titled "Intracranial Brain Haemorrhage Segmentation and Classification " has been accepted at the iKSP Journal of Computer Science and Engineering (iJCSE), vol. 1, issue 2, 2021. The  students of batch '17 are currently working on this project under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Raima Imran, Noorish Hassan, Rishwan Tariq, Laraib Amjad. MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Ms. Arfa Hussain's work "Rumor Detection Based on Temporal Dimensions" has been accepted in International Conference on Multimodal Interaction (ICMI-2021). The work was supervised by Dr. Saira Karim. Areeb Waseem, MS(DS) student of FAST School of Computing, has become the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner after passing the exam. Areeb is currently enrolled in Cloud Computing course being taught by Dr. Muhammad Usman Awais. Two students of FAST School of Computing Lahore, Sabeeh Saeed and Muhammad Shahriyar, involved in the M-Labs Fellowship program and Rookie Game Jam 2020, have secured second position overall in the program. 
Over 700 participants all over Pakistan had applied for the program and only 40 students were able to complete the program. The program was offered in September-October 2020 with prize money and giveaways worth PK 1 million … Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Irfan Younas published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Nueral Processing Letters (Impact Factor: 2.891). 
The paper is titled "Political Optimizer Based Feedforward Neural Network for Classification and Function Approximation". Spring 2021 admissions are now open in PhD(CS) program offered by FAST School of Computing. Eligibility Criteria can be found at NUCES website.
Following are important dates in the admission process.
Last Date to Apply: December 31, 2020
Admission Test Date: January 6, 2021
Interviews of Selected Candidates: January 11, 2021
Application forms can be found at: admissions.nu.edu.pk A paper by Dr. Muhammad Usman Awais titled "DevOps in Pakistani Software Industry" has been accepted to be presented in 14th International Conference on Open Source Systems and Technologies (ICOSST'20). 
The conference will take place in UET Lahore from 16-17 December, 2020. Research article of Dr. Nosheen Qamar and Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted to be published in prestigious international journal, Computing and Informatics. The paper is titled "Determining the Relative Importance of Personality Traits in Influencing Software Quality and Team Productivity". Mr. Ibrahim Nadir and Dr. Taimur Bakhshi, along with their undergraduate students, have recently published a conference paper on the security of wireless sensor networks with the title "Towards Dynamic Hash-Based Key Establishment in Mobile Wireless Sensor Networking Nodes". The article was submitted to the 23rd IEEE International Multi-topic Conference 2020. MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Mohsin Qurban and Muhammad Bilal have presented their paper at the 23rd International Multitopic Conference (INMIC 2020) that was held on November 5-7, 2020. The paper is titled "Knowledge of Softwaare Design Patterns in Educational Institutes of Pakistan". The paper was co-authored by Dr. Wafa Basit. Ms. Nosheen Qamar has successfully defended her PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on November 3, 2020 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. She is the 8th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
She has completed his research titled "Quantification of Team Homogeneity & Analysis of its Impact on Software Quality and Team Productivity" under the supervision of Dr. Ali Afzal Malik. Local examiners were … Mr. Farooq Ahmad, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Haroon Mahmood and co-author Dr. Yasir, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, International Journal of Ad Hoc and Ubiquitous Computing. The paper is titled "Mobility Modeling for Urban Traffic Surveillance by a Team of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles". Mr. Muhammad Usman Khan, a faculty member at the Department of Computer Science, published his research article in the prestigious international journal, Scientific Reports- Nature. The journal has an impact factor of 3.998 and HEC has categorized the journal as Platinum (W Category). The paper is titled "Towards Image-based Cancer Cell Lines Authentication Using Deep Neural Networks" Uzman Perwaiz, a MS student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his supervisor, Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Plos one, which now has an impact factor of 2.74.The paper is titled: "Many-objective BAT algorithm". Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Expert Systems with Applications, which has an impact factor of 5.45. The paper is titled "Heap-based optimizer inspired by corporate rank hierarchy for global optimization". 
 
The paper can be found at the link: https … Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, presented their research article in the Proceedings of the 2020 Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference (GECCO) Companion, which is an A rank conference. The paper is titled "Critical Evaluation of sine cosine algorithm and a few recommendations".
The paper can be found at the link:  https … Javed Zahoor, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Genes, which now has an impact factor of 3.76. The paper is titled: "Classification of Microarray gene expression data using infiltration tactics optimization (ITO) algorithm". Dr. Aasim Ali has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on June 22, 2020 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 7th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled “Improving Statistical Machine Translation for English-to-Urdu Pair using Morphological and Syntactic Information”, under the supervision of Dr. Usman Shahid and Dr. Kashif Zafar. The examiners included … MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Huda Tariq and Maliha Arshad have presented their paper at the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2020). The paper titled "Effects of Refactoring upon Efficiency of an NP-Hard Task Assignment Problem: A case study". The paper was co-authored by Dr. Wafa Basit. The goal of this paper was to analyze the effects of refactoring on time … CS Faculty Member, Dr. Usman Awais has become AWS Cloud Ambassador. The next generation of IT products are going to be cloud native. The revolution is already underway. Although, Pakistani institutes lag behind a little, but again FAST takes the lead. One of the faculty members at FAST Dr. M. Usman Awais has become a faculty ambassador for AWS.
At the following link, (https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/aws-students-fast-muhammad-usman-awais/) he … A team of students from Batch '17 FAST-NUCES, Lahore has taken an initiative to provide the analysis of the situation in Pakistan during the COVID-19 epidemic.
Corona 92 is a student-led initiative that aims to provide statistical analysis on the outbreak of the raging COVID-19 in the country, through live data capture. They're constantly striving to attain newer and the most effective strategies for preventing it from spreading any … A paper authored by Mr Ibrahim Nadir and Dr. Haroon, in collaboration with UET-KICS, has been accepted at IEEE International Conference on Cyber Warfare and Security.
The paper is titled "Identifying Mirai-Exploitable Vulnerabilities in IoT Firmware Through Static Analysis".

The conference will be held in Islamabad between September 29 - October 1. Muhammad Badar-ud-din (CS Student of Batch 16) has been declared one of the winners of IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan. Badar has been declared 7th in the overall competition and is the only FASTian to have won the challenge. 

The IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan is a new initiative designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan. The competition is designed to inspire innovation … Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisors, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the high impact factor prestigious journal, Knowledge-Based Systems (impact factor: 5.101). As per HEC criteria for ranking, this Journal is categorized as Platinum.
The paper can be seen at https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950705120301350 MS-SPM student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Humaira Aslam Chughtai has presented her paper at the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2020) earlier this week and has won the Best Paper Award for her paper titled "People Profile Metrics for Improved Classification of Defect-Prone Files in Open Source Projects".
The paper was part of MS Thesis work of Humaira and was co-authored by … Two BS(CS) students of FAST-NUCES, Lahore,  Raja Asim and Muaz Maqbool, with co-authors Dr. Usman Shahid and Dr. Mehreen Saeed, have won the best paper award at 2019 International Workshop on Signal Processing and Machine Learning (WSPML). The workshop was held in Bangkok,  Thailand from December 12 - 14. The paper is titled: "Classifying Alcoholics and Control Patients Using Deep Learning and Peak Visualizatiion Method" Mr. Roy Andersen (Principal, Kingston College, Lahore) visited Dr. Ali's office today. He briefed the HOD about his career, books, and achievements as an educationist working for the past 40 years. He also offered to give a talk to CS faculty that will help them in improving their teaching skills. Research work authored by Adeem Ali Anwar and Dr. Irfan Younas titled "Optimization of Many Objective Pickup and Delivery Problem with Delay Time of Vehicle using Memetic Decomposition Based Evolutionary Algorithm", has been accepted in an impact factor journal "International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools" Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled Securing Internet of Bio-Nano Things: ML-Enabled Parameter Profiling of Bio-Cyber Interfaces, and Exploring Blockchain-Secured Data Validation in Smart Meter Readings, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE INMIC 2019, to be held at Islamabad, Pakistan in November 2019. INMIC 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Islamabad Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and FAST NUCES. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled On Nature-Inspired Dynamic Route Planning: Hammerhead Shark Optimization Algorithm, and MOS-Enabled VoIP provisioning in Campus Software Defined Networking, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE ICET 2019, to be held at Peshawar, Pakistan in December 2019. ICET 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Peshawar Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and FAST NUCES. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi Forensic of Things: Revisiting Digital Forensic Investigations in Internet of Things, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE ICEEST 2019, to be held at Karachi, Pakistan in December 2019. ICEEST 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Karachi Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and Iqra University, Karachi, Pakistan. Final year project titled "An Efficient Cloud-Based Traffic Signal Manipulation Algorithm for Path Clearance" has been accepted at the International Journal of Distributed Systems and Technologies (IJDST) vol. 11, issue 2, 2020. The journal is HEC-Recognized and indexed in Web of Science Master Journal List. This project was completed by students of batch '14 under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Samreen Fatima, Khansa … Dr. Aamir Wali has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on November 14, 2019 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 6th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore. 

He has completed his research titled “Cellular Automata Learning and Prediction Model for Handwritten Pattern Recognition”, under the supervision of Dr. Mehreen Saeed. The examiners included Dr. Muhammad Usman Ghani (Associate Professor … ICPC - Asia Regional was held in GIKI on Nov 1 - 3. ICPC programming competition is considered to be the world cup of programming competition. 70 teams from all over Pakistan participated in the highly competitive competition. Team MAJORS ( comprising of Syed Saqib (16L-4251), Obaid-ur-Rehman (16-4062), and Ahsan Naveed (16-4244)) from FAST-NUCES, Lahore achieved 6th position in the competition. Research work authored by Mr. Hafiz Asadul Rehman has been accepted in "International Journal of Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence". The work was done under the supervision of Dr. Irfan Younas and was co-authored by Dr. Maryam Bashir and Dr. Muhammad Iqbal. 

The paper is titled : "Learning Regular Expressions using XCS-based Classifier System" Research work authored by Shahzad Ali and Dr. Zeeshan Ali Rana titled "Evaluating the Performance of Software Defect Models Using Area Under Precision-Recall Curve (AUC-PR)", has been published in 2nd International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2019).
The details of the publication are given as follows: Shahzad Ali, Zeeshan Ali Rana, Evaluating the Performance of Software Defect Models Using Area Under Precision-Recall Curve (AUC-PR), In Proceedings of the … Faculty members of CS Department, Dr. Aamir Wali and Dr. Mehreen Saeed published their research work titled "m-CALP - Yet another way of generating handwritten data through evolution for pattern recognition" at the Journal Biosystems. The journal has an impact factor of 1.46.
The paper is available at here. Dr. Zareen presented her research works in World Conference on Technology, Innovation and Entrepreneurship held in Istanbul on 21-23 June 2019. It is a prestigious conference organized by the Istanbul University under the auspices of the Republic of Turkey Ministry of Science, Industry and Technology. This interdisciplinary conference provides a platform to discuss and present latest technological developments and reforms for Innovative Entrepreneurship. Further details can be found at here … Final year project titled "Dynamic Cloud Resource Allocation" has been accepted at the International Conference on Information & Communication Technologies (ICICT) 2019. This conference will be held from 16-17 November 2019 at IBA Karachi. This project was completed by students of batch '15 under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Abu Bakr Sohail, Abdullah Asad, Saad Sultan, and Suleman Khalid. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled Securing Software Defined Networks: On Feasibility of Network Behaviour Profiling, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE INTELLECT 2019, to be held at Karachi, Pakistan in November 2019. INTELLECT 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Karachi Section and Higher Education Commission (HEC). The conference will be addressing the latest research directions in the field of Microelectronics, Information Processing, Communications … Dr. Taimur Bakhshi in collaboration with fellow researchers at universities in UK, Iraq and Saudi Arabia, has published research work titled Using Burstiness for Network Applications Classification in the Journal of Computer Networks & Communications (https://doi.org/10.1155/2019/5758437). 
The paper proposes a novel flow statistical-based set of features that can be used for classifying applications by leveraging machine learning algorithms to yield high accuracy, and greater … Nosheen Qamar, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with her PhD supervisor, Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access, which now has an impact factor of 4.098. The paper is titled: "Birds of a Feather Gel Together: Impact of Team Homogeneity on Software Quality and Team Productivity".
Full paper can be downloaded from the link given below … The CS department is pleased to announce the promotion of Dr Aamir Shafi to Associate Professor. He joined the CS department on 1st August 2018 and has a bachelor's degree in Software Engineering from NUST and a Ph.D. degree, specializing in High Performance Computing, from the University of Portsmouth, UK. He was also a Visiting Scientist at MIT, USA. Dr. Ali Afzal Malik (Assistant Professor and Head, CS Department, Lahore campus) has become a Senior Member of IEEE in February 2019. Elevation to this senior membership grade of IEEE requires, among other things, professional practice of at least 10 years with proof of significant performance for the period of at least 5 years. IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization with IEEE Computer Society as its largest … Muhammad Ahmad, a student of batch 20 from FAST School of Computing, has won the 8th International Science and Youth Symposium (ISYS-20) that was held in GIKI in December 2020. The Faculty Development Committee of FAST School of Computing held an orientation session for the new faculty members who joined FAST-NU in Fall 2020 and Spring 2021. After introductions, Dr. Ali gave a brief history and overview of different programs being run under FAST School of Computing. A few tips on how to prepare for lectures were also provided by Dr. Ali, along with different responsibilities of faculty members. A … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of FAST School of Computing held a short workshop online on GPU and its usage for assignments/projects on December 24, 2020. The session was held to benefit the students of MS/PhD enrolled in the department. The session was held by department GPU coordinator Dr. Usman Awais.  The objective of the workshop was to familiarize the students (and the faculty members) with the process of accessing … Dr. Mudassir Shabbir delivered a talk at the FAST-NU Lahore campus on various creative methods to integrate mathematics teaching into undergraduate courses of the CS curriculum. The talk highlighted effective methods of pedagogy that may be used to make complex mathematical concepts more palatable and relatable to CS students. The talk brought into focus the importance of creating motivation inside and beyond the classroom; factors in deciding the correct scope … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science held a talk on "IOT System Vulnerabilities". The speaker were Dr. Haroon Mahmood, Assistant Professor in CS department FAST-Lahore, Mr. Ibrahim Nadir, Assistant Professor in CS department, FAST-Lahore and Mr. Asim Tanvir, researcher at KICS lab at UET.  The speakers talked about IOT devices and their vulnerability to cyber-attacks despite advancements over the past few years. They stressed upon security … Dr. Hamid Hassan, Director FAST NUCES Lahore campus inaugurated the newly constructed Mac Lab at FAST School of Computing (FSC). This lab is a valuable addition to FSC's technical infrastructure and is expected to facilitate our students in key industry-relevant courses and projects. Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan 2019-2020 started 1 May 2020 and ended on 30 June 2020. A large number of researchers from universities across Pakistan participated in the event. Mohammad Badar ud Din of FAST-NUCES won the 7th position in the contest winning an Apple iPad. Justice Gul Mohammad Library, FAST-NUCES Lahore organized the Apple iPad awarding ceremony on October 1, 2020. … FAST University’s NUCES ACM Lahore Chapter has for the 2nd time won the coveted international excellence award for “Outstanding Chapter Activities”. ACM (Association for Computing Machinery) is an international learned society for computing which is considered as the largest and most prestigious scientific and educational computing society in the world. ACM Student Chapters are the “local neighborhoods” of ACM that facilitate communication and collaboration within a university’s computer science community. … NUCES-ACM Lahore Chapter Holds 8th Annual Geek Week from February 28 - March 1. The event was attended by students from different universities including ITU, PUCIT, UOL, UMT and NUST. Different workshops and seminars were held along with different competitions. Different seminars and competitions received overwhelming response. The winners and runner-ups for different competitions are given below: Programming Competition - Winners: FAST- Batch 17 students, Runner-up: ITU HighQ - Winner: … The CS department organized a seminar on teacher training recently. Mr. Roy Andersen, a recognised global educational expert agreed to grace the occasion with his presence and share his valuable experience. He talked about many years of scientific research into what intelligence is, how to improve the operation of the school and how teachers can teach better. Mr. Roy talked of “The Brain Environment Complex Theory,” which presents a new … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science held a talk on "Deciphering the Secret Code of Life; Genetics for Computer Scientists". The guest speaker was Dr Muhammad Zaman Khan Assir who is an Assistant Professor of Medicine at Allama Iqbal Medical College Lahore. The guest speaker talked about recent revolution in sequencing technologies that has led to an outpouring of enormous data that is being shared by … The Department of Computer Science at FAST, Lahore campus recently held a workshop on Kaggle and all its different features. The guest speaker was Mr Adnan Zaidi, who is the Kaggle representative in Pakistan. The workshop was well attended by students and faculty. Mr Zaidi discussed and went over different features of Kaggle dataset and encouraged the audience to be an active member of the Kaggle society. NUCES ACM held a workshop on Graphic Design from 28th to 30th Jan 2020. The instructor, Mr. Umair Chaudhary, is a Product Design Head at Zameen.com and has a vast experience in the field of graphic and UI/UX design. The participants were familiarized with the basic concepts of typography, color psychology, logo making and poster making which made it a great learning opportunity. CS Department invited FYP students who had published papers from their FYPs. Both the groups were supervised by Dr. Aamir Wali. The groups talked about the importance of writing research papers. The groups talked about how the research work puts new knowledge in a public forum to announce it to others, so others can use it. In a more practical perspective, creating new knowledge gives a sense of achievement. After … Systems Ltd., one of the major software houses of Pakistan, organized a QA Meetup on November 30, 2019 in FAST-NUCES, Lahore. Over 400 participants from both the industry and the academia joined the event. The Meetup had organized several talks. Speakers talked about role of QA in Agile, how to effectively test analytical systems, and how to become a good automation engineer. The presentations were followed by a panel discussion … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Internet of Things Challenges and Opportunities delivered by Dr. Jasim Saeed a faculty member at the Department of Computer Science, Riphah International University, Lahore, Pakistan. Dr. Jasim’s research area comprises wireless sensor networks, focusing on Internet of Things, Smart Grid and privacy concerns in connected environments. During this talk the speaker elaborated the multiple research avenues and open challenges posed by the … Drupak held a 2 day workshop in FAST Lahore on 16th and 17th of November, 2019 in collaboration with NUCES-ACM, Lahore chapter. On day 1 of workshop, the team gave tutorials to students on how to make websites using Drupal platform. On second day, there were fruitful panel discussions and lab sessions on different uses of Drupal framework. The panel consisted of international speakers, well known in the Drupal community. … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science partnered with NUCES-ACM Lahore Chapter and held a seminar on Theoretical Computer Science. The seminar was held on November 13, 2019. Dr. Sarmad Abbasi graced the occasion with a lecture on "Chvatal's Art Gallery Theorem". The talk was elementary and self-contained. It allowed the audience a window to the wonderful subject of "Art gallery problem". A lot of interesting questions … The members of Industrial Collaboration Committee, under the leadership of Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, met with the CEO of Rareiio, Mellonie Francis, to discuss steps to improve collaboration between the Academia and the Industry. Various ways for collaboration came under discussion, ranging from involvement of BS(CS) students in industry projects to involvement of PhD students in research-oriented projects. After a fruitful discussion, it was decided that a team from Rareiio … The Faculty Development Committee of CS department organized a seminar on "How to set an Exam Paper". The aim of this interactive in-house discussion is to share and discuss techniques for setting effective exams. Dr. Asif Gilani, Dr. Kashif Zafar and Dr. Saira Karim shared their experiences in this regard. Various points came under discussion during the meeting. It was stressed upon by senior faculty members that the exam should … "Breaking the Ice" was hosted by NUCES ACM Student Chapter to bridge the gap between seniors and the fresh batch. The event was moderated by ACM President Rapheal Nazirullah and the panel of senior students included Noefal Ahmad, Saad Akbar, Maarij Fatima, Seerat Kamal and Mehar Fatima. The event was well attended by Batch 18 and 19 students. The panel discussed their journey through FAST and the problems they encountered. … The Graduate Research Laboratory Committee (GRLC), headed by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi and under the guidance of department chair Dr. Ali Afzal Malik successfully conducted the first PhD colloquium of existing research students on July 24 th , 2019. The colloquium was a one-day event aimed at giving the audience comprising of graduate students, faculty members and potential researchers an overview of the research projects being carried out in the department. … The GRL committee organized an informative talk by Mr. Sharjeel Qureshi, a Senior Software Engineer at Google. Mr. Qureshi (a graduate of FAST-NUCES) had been associated with Google for over five years and worked in the YouTube Player Infrastructure team on the optimization of video playbacks on Android. In this talk he discussed the engineering side of Google, from the culture and the benefits, to what life at Google is … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Named Data Networking in Connected & Smart Cities, by Dr. S.H Ahmad. He is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Georgia Southern University, U.S. Dr. Ahmad is heading the Wireless Internet and Networking Systems Lab at his department and in this research talk specifically focused on highlighting the driving forces for one of the popular Future Internet architecture … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Code-Based Post Quantum Cryptography delivered by Mr. Junaid Khan a research scientist at the Department of Information & Communication Engineering, Dongguk University, Seoul, South Korea. Mr. Khan's research area comprised of Code Based Post Quantum Cryptography, focusing on McEliece Cryptosystem and domains including Cryptography, Error Control Coding, Number Theory, Galois Field and Linear Algebra. The speaker shared his experiences in explaining the … Dr Aamir Shafi conducted a workshop "High Performance Computing using MPJ Express", on 15th July 2019, at the Belt and Road Aerospace Innovation Alliance (BRAIA) Summer Camp organized by NUST. More information about the event can be found in the link given below: http://www.nust.edu.pk/News/Pages/BRAIA-Summer-Camp-commences-at-NUST.aspx © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
A paper titled "Construction and Validation of Early Software Size Estimation Models Based on ADAF-Adjusted ACD Metrics", by Ms. Mariam Daud (PhD candidate) and her advisor Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted for publication in the prestigious Computer Journal (IF = 1.494). Paper titled " Metaheuristics based COVID-19 Detection using Medical Images: A Review  " authored by Mamoona Riaz (MS student), Dr. Maryam Bashir (CS faculty member), and Dr. Irfan Younas (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in prestigious journal "Computers in Biology and Medicine" by Elsevier, having impact factor of 4.58 and W category by HEC. Paper titled "Lures for Money: A First Look into Youtube Videos Promoting Money-Making Apps" by Ms. Noshaba Nasir has been accepted for presentation at 17th ACM Asia Conference on Computer and Communications Security (AsiaCCS2022), which is a Core A ranked conference. This research is a collaboration with Dr. Mobin Javed, SIA Lab, LUMS. Paper titled "Computerization of Off-Topic Essay Detection: A possibility?" authored by Areeba Shahzad (MS student) and Dr. Aamir Wali (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in "Education and Information Technologies" journal by Springer Nature, having impact factor 2.9. This publication is an outcome of research conducted by Ms. Areeba as part of her MS dissertation, supervised by Dr. Aamir Wali. The paper can be accessed online. Ms. Farwa Khan, MS Student at FAST School of Computing, along with their MS Thesis supervisor, Dr. Zareen Alamgir, have their research work accepted to be published at RecSys2021. RecSys is one of the most prestigious conferences in the area of Recommender systems. The work is titled as "A Payload Optimization Method for Federated Recommender Systems".
The work has been done in collaboration with a team of researches from Finland … The FAST School of Computing is pleased to announce the promotion of Dr. Irfan Younas to Associate Professor. He has a bachelor's degree from NUST and a Ph.D. degree from KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden. Dr. Irfan is leading the Optimization and Data Science (OptiMi'nDS) research group. His research interests include Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Science, Evolutionary Computation, Evolutionary Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and … Mr. Ghazanfer Abbas, alumni at the Department of Computer Science, along with his MS thesis supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, have their research article accepted to be published in the prestigious international journal, Forensic Science International [IF: 1.851]. The work has been done in collaboration with KICS-UET. Mr. Afzal Hussain, a PhD scholar at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access [IF: 3.745]. The paper is titled "Fog-Centric IoT Based Framework for Healthcare Monitoring, Management and Early Warning System". Mr. Javed Zahoor has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on May 28, 2021 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 10th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled "Ensemble based Classification of Microarray Gene-Expression Data Using Computational Intelligence Techniques" under the supervision of Dr. Kashif Zafar. Examiners included Dr. Usman Ghani Khan (Associate Professor … Ms. Marriam Daud, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with her PhD supervisor, Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, have their research article accepted to be published in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access, which now has an impact factor of 3.745. The paper is titled: "Improving the Accuracy of Early Software Size Estimation using Analysis-to-Design Adjustment Factors (ADAFs)". A paper co-authored by Dr. Zareen, Dr. Habib and PhD candidate Shakeel Zafar, titled "An Effective Blockchain Evaluation System based on Entropy - CRITIC weight method and MCDM techniques" has been accepted to be published in Springer journal Peer-to-Peer Networking and Applications with an impact factor of 2.793. Mr. Qamar Askari has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on March 5, 2021 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 9th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled "Socio-Nature Inspired Meta-heuristics for Global Optimization" under the supervision of Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas. Local examiners were Dr. Usman Ghani Khan (Associate Professor … Final year project titled "Intracranial Brain Haemorrhage Segmentation and Classification " has been accepted at the iKSP Journal of Computer Science and Engineering (iJCSE), vol. 1, issue 2, 2021. The  students of batch '17 are currently working on this project under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Raima Imran, Noorish Hassan, Rishwan Tariq, Laraib Amjad. MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Ms. Arfa Hussain's work "Rumor Detection Based on Temporal Dimensions" has been accepted in International Conference on Multimodal Interaction (ICMI-2021). The work was supervised by Dr. Saira Karim. Areeb Waseem, MS(DS) student of FAST School of Computing, has become the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner after passing the exam. Areeb is currently enrolled in Cloud Computing course being taught by Dr. Muhammad Usman Awais. Two students of FAST School of Computing Lahore, Sabeeh Saeed and Muhammad Shahriyar, involved in the M-Labs Fellowship program and Rookie Game Jam 2020, have secured second position overall in the program. 
Over 700 participants all over Pakistan had applied for the program and only 40 students were able to complete the program. The program was offered in September-October 2020 with prize money and giveaways worth PK 1 million … Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Irfan Younas published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Nueral Processing Letters (Impact Factor: 2.891). 
The paper is titled "Political Optimizer Based Feedforward Neural Network for Classification and Function Approximation". Spring 2021 admissions are now open in PhD(CS) program offered by FAST School of Computing. Eligibility Criteria can be found at NUCES website.
Following are important dates in the admission process.
Last Date to Apply: December 31, 2020
Admission Test Date: January 6, 2021
Interviews of Selected Candidates: January 11, 2021
Application forms can be found at: admissions.nu.edu.pk A paper by Dr. Muhammad Usman Awais titled "DevOps in Pakistani Software Industry" has been accepted to be presented in 14th International Conference on Open Source Systems and Technologies (ICOSST'20). 
The conference will take place in UET Lahore from 16-17 December, 2020. Research article of Dr. Nosheen Qamar and Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted to be published in prestigious international journal, Computing and Informatics. The paper is titled "Determining the Relative Importance of Personality Traits in Influencing Software Quality and Team Productivity". Mr. Ibrahim Nadir and Dr. Taimur Bakhshi, along with their undergraduate students, have recently published a conference paper on the security of wireless sensor networks with the title "Towards Dynamic Hash-Based Key Establishment in Mobile Wireless Sensor Networking Nodes". The article was submitted to the 23rd IEEE International Multi-topic Conference 2020. MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Mohsin Qurban and Muhammad Bilal have presented their paper at the 23rd International Multitopic Conference (INMIC 2020) that was held on November 5-7, 2020. The paper is titled "Knowledge of Softwaare Design Patterns in Educational Institutes of Pakistan". The paper was co-authored by Dr. Wafa Basit. Ms. Nosheen Qamar has successfully defended her PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on November 3, 2020 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. She is the 8th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
She has completed his research titled "Quantification of Team Homogeneity & Analysis of its Impact on Software Quality and Team Productivity" under the supervision of Dr. Ali Afzal Malik. Local examiners were … Mr. Farooq Ahmad, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Haroon Mahmood and co-author Dr. Yasir, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, International Journal of Ad Hoc and Ubiquitous Computing. The paper is titled "Mobility Modeling for Urban Traffic Surveillance by a Team of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles". Mr. Muhammad Usman Khan, a faculty member at the Department of Computer Science, published his research article in the prestigious international journal, Scientific Reports- Nature. The journal has an impact factor of 3.998 and HEC has categorized the journal as Platinum (W Category). The paper is titled "Towards Image-based Cancer Cell Lines Authentication Using Deep Neural Networks" Uzman Perwaiz, a MS student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his supervisor, Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Plos one, which now has an impact factor of 2.74.The paper is titled: "Many-objective BAT algorithm". Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Expert Systems with Applications, which has an impact factor of 5.45. The paper is titled "Heap-based optimizer inspired by corporate rank hierarchy for global optimization". 
 
The paper can be found at the link: https … Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, presented their research article in the Proceedings of the 2020 Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference (GECCO) Companion, which is an A rank conference. The paper is titled "Critical Evaluation of sine cosine algorithm and a few recommendations".
The paper can be found at the link:  https … Javed Zahoor, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Genes, which now has an impact factor of 3.76. The paper is titled: "Classification of Microarray gene expression data using infiltration tactics optimization (ITO) algorithm". Dr. Aasim Ali has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on June 22, 2020 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 7th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled “Improving Statistical Machine Translation for English-to-Urdu Pair using Morphological and Syntactic Information”, under the supervision of Dr. Usman Shahid and Dr. Kashif Zafar. The examiners included … MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Huda Tariq and Maliha Arshad have presented their paper at the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2020). The paper titled "Effects of Refactoring upon Efficiency of an NP-Hard Task Assignment Problem: A case study". The paper was co-authored by Dr. Wafa Basit. The goal of this paper was to analyze the effects of refactoring on time … CS Faculty Member, Dr. Usman Awais has become AWS Cloud Ambassador. The next generation of IT products are going to be cloud native. The revolution is already underway. Although, Pakistani institutes lag behind a little, but again FAST takes the lead. One of the faculty members at FAST Dr. M. Usman Awais has become a faculty ambassador for AWS.
At the following link, (https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/aws-students-fast-muhammad-usman-awais/) he … A team of students from Batch '17 FAST-NUCES, Lahore has taken an initiative to provide the analysis of the situation in Pakistan during the COVID-19 epidemic.
Corona 92 is a student-led initiative that aims to provide statistical analysis on the outbreak of the raging COVID-19 in the country, through live data capture. They're constantly striving to attain newer and the most effective strategies for preventing it from spreading any … A paper authored by Mr Ibrahim Nadir and Dr. Haroon, in collaboration with UET-KICS, has been accepted at IEEE International Conference on Cyber Warfare and Security.
The paper is titled "Identifying Mirai-Exploitable Vulnerabilities in IoT Firmware Through Static Analysis".

The conference will be held in Islamabad between September 29 - October 1. Muhammad Badar-ud-din (CS Student of Batch 16) has been declared one of the winners of IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan. Badar has been declared 7th in the overall competition and is the only FASTian to have won the challenge. 

The IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan is a new initiative designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan. The competition is designed to inspire innovation … Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisors, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the high impact factor prestigious journal, Knowledge-Based Systems (impact factor: 5.101). As per HEC criteria for ranking, this Journal is categorized as Platinum.
The paper can be seen at https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950705120301350 MS-SPM student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Humaira Aslam Chughtai has presented her paper at the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2020) earlier this week and has won the Best Paper Award for her paper titled "People Profile Metrics for Improved Classification of Defect-Prone Files in Open Source Projects".
The paper was part of MS Thesis work of Humaira and was co-authored by … Two BS(CS) students of FAST-NUCES, Lahore,  Raja Asim and Muaz Maqbool, with co-authors Dr. Usman Shahid and Dr. Mehreen Saeed, have won the best paper award at 2019 International Workshop on Signal Processing and Machine Learning (WSPML). The workshop was held in Bangkok,  Thailand from December 12 - 14. The paper is titled: "Classifying Alcoholics and Control Patients Using Deep Learning and Peak Visualizatiion Method" Mr. Roy Andersen (Principal, Kingston College, Lahore) visited Dr. Ali's office today. He briefed the HOD about his career, books, and achievements as an educationist working for the past 40 years. He also offered to give a talk to CS faculty that will help them in improving their teaching skills. Research work authored by Adeem Ali Anwar and Dr. Irfan Younas titled "Optimization of Many Objective Pickup and Delivery Problem with Delay Time of Vehicle using Memetic Decomposition Based Evolutionary Algorithm", has been accepted in an impact factor journal "International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools" Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled Securing Internet of Bio-Nano Things: ML-Enabled Parameter Profiling of Bio-Cyber Interfaces, and Exploring Blockchain-Secured Data Validation in Smart Meter Readings, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE INMIC 2019, to be held at Islamabad, Pakistan in November 2019. INMIC 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Islamabad Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and FAST NUCES. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled On Nature-Inspired Dynamic Route Planning: Hammerhead Shark Optimization Algorithm, and MOS-Enabled VoIP provisioning in Campus Software Defined Networking, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE ICET 2019, to be held at Peshawar, Pakistan in December 2019. ICET 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Peshawar Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and FAST NUCES. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi Forensic of Things: Revisiting Digital Forensic Investigations in Internet of Things, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE ICEEST 2019, to be held at Karachi, Pakistan in December 2019. ICEEST 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Karachi Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and Iqra University, Karachi, Pakistan. Final year project titled "An Efficient Cloud-Based Traffic Signal Manipulation Algorithm for Path Clearance" has been accepted at the International Journal of Distributed Systems and Technologies (IJDST) vol. 11, issue 2, 2020. The journal is HEC-Recognized and indexed in Web of Science Master Journal List. This project was completed by students of batch '14 under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Samreen Fatima, Khansa … Dr. Aamir Wali has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on November 14, 2019 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 6th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore. 

He has completed his research titled “Cellular Automata Learning and Prediction Model for Handwritten Pattern Recognition”, under the supervision of Dr. Mehreen Saeed. The examiners included Dr. Muhammad Usman Ghani (Associate Professor … ICPC - Asia Regional was held in GIKI on Nov 1 - 3. ICPC programming competition is considered to be the world cup of programming competition. 70 teams from all over Pakistan participated in the highly competitive competition. Team MAJORS ( comprising of Syed Saqib (16L-4251), Obaid-ur-Rehman (16-4062), and Ahsan Naveed (16-4244)) from FAST-NUCES, Lahore achieved 6th position in the competition. Research work authored by Mr. Hafiz Asadul Rehman has been accepted in "International Journal of Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence". The work was done under the supervision of Dr. Irfan Younas and was co-authored by Dr. Maryam Bashir and Dr. Muhammad Iqbal. 

The paper is titled : "Learning Regular Expressions using XCS-based Classifier System" Research work authored by Shahzad Ali and Dr. Zeeshan Ali Rana titled "Evaluating the Performance of Software Defect Models Using Area Under Precision-Recall Curve (AUC-PR)", has been published in 2nd International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2019).
The details of the publication are given as follows: Shahzad Ali, Zeeshan Ali Rana, Evaluating the Performance of Software Defect Models Using Area Under Precision-Recall Curve (AUC-PR), In Proceedings of the … Faculty members of CS Department, Dr. Aamir Wali and Dr. Mehreen Saeed published their research work titled "m-CALP - Yet another way of generating handwritten data through evolution for pattern recognition" at the Journal Biosystems. The journal has an impact factor of 1.46.
The paper is available at here. Dr. Zareen presented her research works in World Conference on Technology, Innovation and Entrepreneurship held in Istanbul on 21-23 June 2019. It is a prestigious conference organized by the Istanbul University under the auspices of the Republic of Turkey Ministry of Science, Industry and Technology. This interdisciplinary conference provides a platform to discuss and present latest technological developments and reforms for Innovative Entrepreneurship. Further details can be found at here … Final year project titled "Dynamic Cloud Resource Allocation" has been accepted at the International Conference on Information & Communication Technologies (ICICT) 2019. This conference will be held from 16-17 November 2019 at IBA Karachi. This project was completed by students of batch '15 under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Abu Bakr Sohail, Abdullah Asad, Saad Sultan, and Suleman Khalid. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled Securing Software Defined Networks: On Feasibility of Network Behaviour Profiling, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE INTELLECT 2019, to be held at Karachi, Pakistan in November 2019. INTELLECT 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Karachi Section and Higher Education Commission (HEC). The conference will be addressing the latest research directions in the field of Microelectronics, Information Processing, Communications … Dr. Taimur Bakhshi in collaboration with fellow researchers at universities in UK, Iraq and Saudi Arabia, has published research work titled Using Burstiness for Network Applications Classification in the Journal of Computer Networks & Communications (https://doi.org/10.1155/2019/5758437). 
The paper proposes a novel flow statistical-based set of features that can be used for classifying applications by leveraging machine learning algorithms to yield high accuracy, and greater … Nosheen Qamar, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with her PhD supervisor, Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access, which now has an impact factor of 4.098. The paper is titled: "Birds of a Feather Gel Together: Impact of Team Homogeneity on Software Quality and Team Productivity".
Full paper can be downloaded from the link given below … The CS department is pleased to announce the promotion of Dr Aamir Shafi to Associate Professor. He joined the CS department on 1st August 2018 and has a bachelor's degree in Software Engineering from NUST and a Ph.D. degree, specializing in High Performance Computing, from the University of Portsmouth, UK. He was also a Visiting Scientist at MIT, USA. Dr. Ali Afzal Malik (Assistant Professor and Head, CS Department, Lahore campus) has become a Senior Member of IEEE in February 2019. Elevation to this senior membership grade of IEEE requires, among other things, professional practice of at least 10 years with proof of significant performance for the period of at least 5 years. IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization with IEEE Computer Society as its largest … Muhammad Ahmad, a student of batch 20 from FAST School of Computing, has won the 8th International Science and Youth Symposium (ISYS-20) that was held in GIKI in December 2020. The Faculty Development Committee of FAST School of Computing held an orientation session for the new faculty members who joined FAST-NU in Fall 2020 and Spring 2021. After introductions, Dr. Ali gave a brief history and overview of different programs being run under FAST School of Computing. A few tips on how to prepare for lectures were also provided by Dr. Ali, along with different responsibilities of faculty members. A … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of FAST School of Computing held a short workshop online on GPU and its usage for assignments/projects on December 24, 2020. The session was held to benefit the students of MS/PhD enrolled in the department. The session was held by department GPU coordinator Dr. Usman Awais.  The objective of the workshop was to familiarize the students (and the faculty members) with the process of accessing … Dr. Mudassir Shabbir delivered a talk at the FAST-NU Lahore campus on various creative methods to integrate mathematics teaching into undergraduate courses of the CS curriculum. The talk highlighted effective methods of pedagogy that may be used to make complex mathematical concepts more palatable and relatable to CS students. The talk brought into focus the importance of creating motivation inside and beyond the classroom; factors in deciding the correct scope … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science held a talk on "IOT System Vulnerabilities". The speaker were Dr. Haroon Mahmood, Assistant Professor in CS department FAST-Lahore, Mr. Ibrahim Nadir, Assistant Professor in CS department, FAST-Lahore and Mr. Asim Tanvir, researcher at KICS lab at UET.  The speakers talked about IOT devices and their vulnerability to cyber-attacks despite advancements over the past few years. They stressed upon security … Dr. Hamid Hassan, Director FAST NUCES Lahore campus inaugurated the newly constructed Mac Lab at FAST School of Computing (FSC). This lab is a valuable addition to FSC's technical infrastructure and is expected to facilitate our students in key industry-relevant courses and projects. Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan 2019-2020 started 1 May 2020 and ended on 30 June 2020. A large number of researchers from universities across Pakistan participated in the event. Mohammad Badar ud Din of FAST-NUCES won the 7th position in the contest winning an Apple iPad. Justice Gul Mohammad Library, FAST-NUCES Lahore organized the Apple iPad awarding ceremony on October 1, 2020. … FAST University’s NUCES ACM Lahore Chapter has for the 2nd time won the coveted international excellence award for “Outstanding Chapter Activities”. ACM (Association for Computing Machinery) is an international learned society for computing which is considered as the largest and most prestigious scientific and educational computing society in the world. ACM Student Chapters are the “local neighborhoods” of ACM that facilitate communication and collaboration within a university’s computer science community. … NUCES-ACM Lahore Chapter Holds 8th Annual Geek Week from February 28 - March 1. The event was attended by students from different universities including ITU, PUCIT, UOL, UMT and NUST. Different workshops and seminars were held along with different competitions. Different seminars and competitions received overwhelming response. The winners and runner-ups for different competitions are given below: Programming Competition - Winners: FAST- Batch 17 students, Runner-up: ITU HighQ - Winner: … The CS department organized a seminar on teacher training recently. Mr. Roy Andersen, a recognised global educational expert agreed to grace the occasion with his presence and share his valuable experience. He talked about many years of scientific research into what intelligence is, how to improve the operation of the school and how teachers can teach better. Mr. Roy talked of “The Brain Environment Complex Theory,” which presents a new … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science held a talk on "Deciphering the Secret Code of Life; Genetics for Computer Scientists". The guest speaker was Dr Muhammad Zaman Khan Assir who is an Assistant Professor of Medicine at Allama Iqbal Medical College Lahore. The guest speaker talked about recent revolution in sequencing technologies that has led to an outpouring of enormous data that is being shared by … The Department of Computer Science at FAST, Lahore campus recently held a workshop on Kaggle and all its different features. The guest speaker was Mr Adnan Zaidi, who is the Kaggle representative in Pakistan. The workshop was well attended by students and faculty. Mr Zaidi discussed and went over different features of Kaggle dataset and encouraged the audience to be an active member of the Kaggle society. NUCES ACM held a workshop on Graphic Design from 28th to 30th Jan 2020. The instructor, Mr. Umair Chaudhary, is a Product Design Head at Zameen.com and has a vast experience in the field of graphic and UI/UX design. The participants were familiarized with the basic concepts of typography, color psychology, logo making and poster making which made it a great learning opportunity. CS Department invited FYP students who had published papers from their FYPs. Both the groups were supervised by Dr. Aamir Wali. The groups talked about the importance of writing research papers. The groups talked about how the research work puts new knowledge in a public forum to announce it to others, so others can use it. In a more practical perspective, creating new knowledge gives a sense of achievement. After … Systems Ltd., one of the major software houses of Pakistan, organized a QA Meetup on November 30, 2019 in FAST-NUCES, Lahore. Over 400 participants from both the industry and the academia joined the event. The Meetup had organized several talks. Speakers talked about role of QA in Agile, how to effectively test analytical systems, and how to become a good automation engineer. The presentations were followed by a panel discussion … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Internet of Things Challenges and Opportunities delivered by Dr. Jasim Saeed a faculty member at the Department of Computer Science, Riphah International University, Lahore, Pakistan. Dr. Jasim’s research area comprises wireless sensor networks, focusing on Internet of Things, Smart Grid and privacy concerns in connected environments. During this talk the speaker elaborated the multiple research avenues and open challenges posed by the … Drupak held a 2 day workshop in FAST Lahore on 16th and 17th of November, 2019 in collaboration with NUCES-ACM, Lahore chapter. On day 1 of workshop, the team gave tutorials to students on how to make websites using Drupal platform. On second day, there were fruitful panel discussions and lab sessions on different uses of Drupal framework. The panel consisted of international speakers, well known in the Drupal community. … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science partnered with NUCES-ACM Lahore Chapter and held a seminar on Theoretical Computer Science. The seminar was held on November 13, 2019. Dr. Sarmad Abbasi graced the occasion with a lecture on "Chvatal's Art Gallery Theorem". The talk was elementary and self-contained. It allowed the audience a window to the wonderful subject of "Art gallery problem". A lot of interesting questions … The members of Industrial Collaboration Committee, under the leadership of Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, met with the CEO of Rareiio, Mellonie Francis, to discuss steps to improve collaboration between the Academia and the Industry. Various ways for collaboration came under discussion, ranging from involvement of BS(CS) students in industry projects to involvement of PhD students in research-oriented projects. After a fruitful discussion, it was decided that a team from Rareiio … The Faculty Development Committee of CS department organized a seminar on "How to set an Exam Paper". The aim of this interactive in-house discussion is to share and discuss techniques for setting effective exams. Dr. Asif Gilani, Dr. Kashif Zafar and Dr. Saira Karim shared their experiences in this regard. Various points came under discussion during the meeting. It was stressed upon by senior faculty members that the exam should … "Breaking the Ice" was hosted by NUCES ACM Student Chapter to bridge the gap between seniors and the fresh batch. The event was moderated by ACM President Rapheal Nazirullah and the panel of senior students included Noefal Ahmad, Saad Akbar, Maarij Fatima, Seerat Kamal and Mehar Fatima. The event was well attended by Batch 18 and 19 students. The panel discussed their journey through FAST and the problems they encountered. … The Graduate Research Laboratory Committee (GRLC), headed by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi and under the guidance of department chair Dr. Ali Afzal Malik successfully conducted the first PhD colloquium of existing research students on July 24 th , 2019. The colloquium was a one-day event aimed at giving the audience comprising of graduate students, faculty members and potential researchers an overview of the research projects being carried out in the department. … The GRL committee organized an informative talk by Mr. Sharjeel Qureshi, a Senior Software Engineer at Google. Mr. Qureshi (a graduate of FAST-NUCES) had been associated with Google for over five years and worked in the YouTube Player Infrastructure team on the optimization of video playbacks on Android. In this talk he discussed the engineering side of Google, from the culture and the benefits, to what life at Google is … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Named Data Networking in Connected & Smart Cities, by Dr. S.H Ahmad. He is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Georgia Southern University, U.S. Dr. Ahmad is heading the Wireless Internet and Networking Systems Lab at his department and in this research talk specifically focused on highlighting the driving forces for one of the popular Future Internet architecture … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Code-Based Post Quantum Cryptography delivered by Mr. Junaid Khan a research scientist at the Department of Information & Communication Engineering, Dongguk University, Seoul, South Korea. Mr. Khan's research area comprised of Code Based Post Quantum Cryptography, focusing on McEliece Cryptosystem and domains including Cryptography, Error Control Coding, Number Theory, Galois Field and Linear Algebra. The speaker shared his experiences in explaining the … Dr Aamir Shafi conducted a workshop "High Performance Computing using MPJ Express", on 15th July 2019, at the Belt and Road Aerospace Innovation Alliance (BRAIA) Summer Camp organized by NUST. More information about the event can be found in the link given below: http://www.nust.edu.pk/News/Pages/BRAIA-Summer-Camp-commences-at-NUST.aspx © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
A paper titled "Construction and Validation of Early Software Size Estimation Models Based on ADAF-Adjusted ACD Metrics", by Ms. Mariam Daud (PhD candidate) and her advisor Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted for publication in the prestigious Computer Journal (IF = 1.494). Paper titled " Metaheuristics based COVID-19 Detection using Medical Images: A Review  " authored by Mamoona Riaz (MS student), Dr. Maryam Bashir (CS faculty member), and Dr. Irfan Younas (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in prestigious journal "Computers in Biology and Medicine" by Elsevier, having impact factor of 4.58 and W category by HEC. Paper titled "Lures for Money: A First Look into Youtube Videos Promoting Money-Making Apps" by Ms. Noshaba Nasir has been accepted for presentation at 17th ACM Asia Conference on Computer and Communications Security (AsiaCCS2022), which is a Core A ranked conference. This research is a collaboration with Dr. Mobin Javed, SIA Lab, LUMS. Paper titled "Computerization of Off-Topic Essay Detection: A possibility?" authored by Areeba Shahzad (MS student) and Dr. Aamir Wali (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in "Education and Information Technologies" journal by Springer Nature, having impact factor 2.9. This publication is an outcome of research conducted by Ms. Areeba as part of her MS dissertation, supervised by Dr. Aamir Wali. The paper can be accessed online. Ms. Farwa Khan, MS Student at FAST School of Computing, along with their MS Thesis supervisor, Dr. Zareen Alamgir, have their research work accepted to be published at RecSys2021. RecSys is one of the most prestigious conferences in the area of Recommender systems. The work is titled as "A Payload Optimization Method for Federated Recommender Systems".
The work has been done in collaboration with a team of researches from Finland … The FAST School of Computing is pleased to announce the promotion of Dr. Irfan Younas to Associate Professor. He has a bachelor's degree from NUST and a Ph.D. degree from KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden. Dr. Irfan is leading the Optimization and Data Science (OptiMi'nDS) research group. His research interests include Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Science, Evolutionary Computation, Evolutionary Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and … Mr. Ghazanfer Abbas, alumni at the Department of Computer Science, along with his MS thesis supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, have their research article accepted to be published in the prestigious international journal, Forensic Science International [IF: 1.851]. The work has been done in collaboration with KICS-UET. Mr. Afzal Hussain, a PhD scholar at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access [IF: 3.745]. The paper is titled "Fog-Centric IoT Based Framework for Healthcare Monitoring, Management and Early Warning System". Mr. Javed Zahoor has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on May 28, 2021 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 10th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled "Ensemble based Classification of Microarray Gene-Expression Data Using Computational Intelligence Techniques" under the supervision of Dr. Kashif Zafar. Examiners included Dr. Usman Ghani Khan (Associate Professor … Ms. Marriam Daud, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with her PhD supervisor, Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, have their research article accepted to be published in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access, which now has an impact factor of 3.745. The paper is titled: "Improving the Accuracy of Early Software Size Estimation using Analysis-to-Design Adjustment Factors (ADAFs)". A paper co-authored by Dr. Zareen, Dr. Habib and PhD candidate Shakeel Zafar, titled "An Effective Blockchain Evaluation System based on Entropy - CRITIC weight method and MCDM techniques" has been accepted to be published in Springer journal Peer-to-Peer Networking and Applications with an impact factor of 2.793. Mr. Qamar Askari has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on March 5, 2021 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 9th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled "Socio-Nature Inspired Meta-heuristics for Global Optimization" under the supervision of Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas. Local examiners were Dr. Usman Ghani Khan (Associate Professor … Final year project titled "Intracranial Brain Haemorrhage Segmentation and Classification " has been accepted at the iKSP Journal of Computer Science and Engineering (iJCSE), vol. 1, issue 2, 2021. The  students of batch '17 are currently working on this project under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Raima Imran, Noorish Hassan, Rishwan Tariq, Laraib Amjad. MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Ms. Arfa Hussain's work "Rumor Detection Based on Temporal Dimensions" has been accepted in International Conference on Multimodal Interaction (ICMI-2021). The work was supervised by Dr. Saira Karim. Areeb Waseem, MS(DS) student of FAST School of Computing, has become the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner after passing the exam. Areeb is currently enrolled in Cloud Computing course being taught by Dr. Muhammad Usman Awais. Two students of FAST School of Computing Lahore, Sabeeh Saeed and Muhammad Shahriyar, involved in the M-Labs Fellowship program and Rookie Game Jam 2020, have secured second position overall in the program. 
Over 700 participants all over Pakistan had applied for the program and only 40 students were able to complete the program. The program was offered in September-October 2020 with prize money and giveaways worth PK 1 million … Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Irfan Younas published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Nueral Processing Letters (Impact Factor: 2.891). 
The paper is titled "Political Optimizer Based Feedforward Neural Network for Classification and Function Approximation". Spring 2021 admissions are now open in PhD(CS) program offered by FAST School of Computing. Eligibility Criteria can be found at NUCES website.
Following are important dates in the admission process.
Last Date to Apply: December 31, 2020
Admission Test Date: January 6, 2021
Interviews of Selected Candidates: January 11, 2021
Application forms can be found at: admissions.nu.edu.pk A paper by Dr. Muhammad Usman Awais titled "DevOps in Pakistani Software Industry" has been accepted to be presented in 14th International Conference on Open Source Systems and Technologies (ICOSST'20). 
The conference will take place in UET Lahore from 16-17 December, 2020. Research article of Dr. Nosheen Qamar and Dr. Ali Afzal Malik has been accepted to be published in prestigious international journal, Computing and Informatics. The paper is titled "Determining the Relative Importance of Personality Traits in Influencing Software Quality and Team Productivity". Mr. Ibrahim Nadir and Dr. Taimur Bakhshi, along with their undergraduate students, have recently published a conference paper on the security of wireless sensor networks with the title "Towards Dynamic Hash-Based Key Establishment in Mobile Wireless Sensor Networking Nodes". The article was submitted to the 23rd IEEE International Multi-topic Conference 2020. MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Mohsin Qurban and Muhammad Bilal have presented their paper at the 23rd International Multitopic Conference (INMIC 2020) that was held on November 5-7, 2020. The paper is titled "Knowledge of Softwaare Design Patterns in Educational Institutes of Pakistan". The paper was co-authored by Dr. Wafa Basit. Ms. Nosheen Qamar has successfully defended her PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on November 3, 2020 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. She is the 8th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
She has completed his research titled "Quantification of Team Homogeneity & Analysis of its Impact on Software Quality and Team Productivity" under the supervision of Dr. Ali Afzal Malik. Local examiners were … Mr. Farooq Ahmad, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Haroon Mahmood and co-author Dr. Yasir, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, International Journal of Ad Hoc and Ubiquitous Computing. The paper is titled "Mobility Modeling for Urban Traffic Surveillance by a Team of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles". Mr. Muhammad Usman Khan, a faculty member at the Department of Computer Science, published his research article in the prestigious international journal, Scientific Reports- Nature. The journal has an impact factor of 3.998 and HEC has categorized the journal as Platinum (W Category). The paper is titled "Towards Image-based Cancer Cell Lines Authentication Using Deep Neural Networks" Uzman Perwaiz, a MS student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his supervisor, Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Plos one, which now has an impact factor of 2.74.The paper is titled: "Many-objective BAT algorithm". Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Expert Systems with Applications, which has an impact factor of 5.45. The paper is titled "Heap-based optimizer inspired by corporate rank hierarchy for global optimization". 
 
The paper can be found at the link: https … Mr. Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, presented their research article in the Proceedings of the 2020 Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference (GECCO) Companion, which is an A rank conference. The paper is titled "Critical Evaluation of sine cosine algorithm and a few recommendations".
The paper can be found at the link:  https … Javed Zahoor, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisor, Dr. Kashif Zafar, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, Genes, which now has an impact factor of 3.76. The paper is titled: "Classification of Microarray gene expression data using infiltration tactics optimization (ITO) algorithm". Dr. Aasim Ali has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on June 22, 2020 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 7th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore.
He has completed his research titled “Improving Statistical Machine Translation for English-to-Urdu Pair using Morphological and Syntactic Information”, under the supervision of Dr. Usman Shahid and Dr. Kashif Zafar. The examiners included … MS student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Huda Tariq and Maliha Arshad have presented their paper at the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2020). The paper titled "Effects of Refactoring upon Efficiency of an NP-Hard Task Assignment Problem: A case study". The paper was co-authored by Dr. Wafa Basit. The goal of this paper was to analyze the effects of refactoring on time … CS Faculty Member, Dr. Usman Awais has become AWS Cloud Ambassador. The next generation of IT products are going to be cloud native. The revolution is already underway. Although, Pakistani institutes lag behind a little, but again FAST takes the lead. One of the faculty members at FAST Dr. M. Usman Awais has become a faculty ambassador for AWS.
At the following link, (https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/aws-students-fast-muhammad-usman-awais/) he … A team of students from Batch '17 FAST-NUCES, Lahore has taken an initiative to provide the analysis of the situation in Pakistan during the COVID-19 epidemic.
Corona 92 is a student-led initiative that aims to provide statistical analysis on the outbreak of the raging COVID-19 in the country, through live data capture. They're constantly striving to attain newer and the most effective strategies for preventing it from spreading any … A paper authored by Mr Ibrahim Nadir and Dr. Haroon, in collaboration with UET-KICS, has been accepted at IEEE International Conference on Cyber Warfare and Security.
The paper is titled "Identifying Mirai-Exploitable Vulnerabilities in IoT Firmware Through Static Analysis".

The conference will be held in Islamabad between September 29 - October 1. Muhammad Badar-ud-din (CS Student of Batch 16) has been declared one of the winners of IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan. Badar has been declared 7th in the overall competition and is the only FASTian to have won the challenge. 

The IEEE Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan is a new initiative designed specifically to promote scientific excellence in research across Pakistan. The competition is designed to inspire innovation … Qamar Askari, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with his PhD supervisors, Dr. Mehreen Saeed and Dr. Irfan Younas, published their research article in the high impact factor prestigious journal, Knowledge-Based Systems (impact factor: 5.101). As per HEC criteria for ranking, this Journal is categorized as Platinum.
The paper can be seen at https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950705120301350 MS-SPM student at CS department of FAST-NUCES Lahore campus Humaira Aslam Chughtai has presented her paper at the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2020) earlier this week and has won the Best Paper Award for her paper titled "People Profile Metrics for Improved Classification of Defect-Prone Files in Open Source Projects".
The paper was part of MS Thesis work of Humaira and was co-authored by … Two BS(CS) students of FAST-NUCES, Lahore,  Raja Asim and Muaz Maqbool, with co-authors Dr. Usman Shahid and Dr. Mehreen Saeed, have won the best paper award at 2019 International Workshop on Signal Processing and Machine Learning (WSPML). The workshop was held in Bangkok,  Thailand from December 12 - 14. The paper is titled: "Classifying Alcoholics and Control Patients Using Deep Learning and Peak Visualizatiion Method" Mr. Roy Andersen (Principal, Kingston College, Lahore) visited Dr. Ali's office today. He briefed the HOD about his career, books, and achievements as an educationist working for the past 40 years. He also offered to give a talk to CS faculty that will help them in improving their teaching skills. Research work authored by Adeem Ali Anwar and Dr. Irfan Younas titled "Optimization of Many Objective Pickup and Delivery Problem with Delay Time of Vehicle using Memetic Decomposition Based Evolutionary Algorithm", has been accepted in an impact factor journal "International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools" Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled Securing Internet of Bio-Nano Things: ML-Enabled Parameter Profiling of Bio-Cyber Interfaces, and Exploring Blockchain-Secured Data Validation in Smart Meter Readings, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE INMIC 2019, to be held at Islamabad, Pakistan in November 2019. INMIC 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Islamabad Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and FAST NUCES. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled On Nature-Inspired Dynamic Route Planning: Hammerhead Shark Optimization Algorithm, and MOS-Enabled VoIP provisioning in Campus Software Defined Networking, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE ICET 2019, to be held at Peshawar, Pakistan in December 2019. ICET 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Peshawar Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and FAST NUCES. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi Forensic of Things: Revisiting Digital Forensic Investigations in Internet of Things, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE ICEEST 2019, to be held at Karachi, Pakistan in December 2019. ICEEST 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Karachi Section, Higher Education Commission (HEC) and Iqra University, Karachi, Pakistan. Final year project titled "An Efficient Cloud-Based Traffic Signal Manipulation Algorithm for Path Clearance" has been accepted at the International Journal of Distributed Systems and Technologies (IJDST) vol. 11, issue 2, 2020. The journal is HEC-Recognized and indexed in Web of Science Master Journal List. This project was completed by students of batch '14 under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Samreen Fatima, Khansa … Dr. Aamir Wali has successfully defended his PhD dissertation held in FAST-NUCES, Lahore on November 14, 2019 and has qualified for the award of doctorate degree. He is the 6th PhD of Department of Computer Science, FAST-NUCES, Lahore. 

He has completed his research titled “Cellular Automata Learning and Prediction Model for Handwritten Pattern Recognition”, under the supervision of Dr. Mehreen Saeed. The examiners included Dr. Muhammad Usman Ghani (Associate Professor … ICPC - Asia Regional was held in GIKI on Nov 1 - 3. ICPC programming competition is considered to be the world cup of programming competition. 70 teams from all over Pakistan participated in the highly competitive competition. Team MAJORS ( comprising of Syed Saqib (16L-4251), Obaid-ur-Rehman (16-4062), and Ahsan Naveed (16-4244)) from FAST-NUCES, Lahore achieved 6th position in the competition. Research work authored by Mr. Hafiz Asadul Rehman has been accepted in "International Journal of Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence". The work was done under the supervision of Dr. Irfan Younas and was co-authored by Dr. Maryam Bashir and Dr. Muhammad Iqbal. 

The paper is titled : "Learning Regular Expressions using XCS-based Classifier System" Research work authored by Shahzad Ali and Dr. Zeeshan Ali Rana titled "Evaluating the Performance of Software Defect Models Using Area Under Precision-Recall Curve (AUC-PR)", has been published in 2nd International Conference on Advancements in Computational Sciences (ICACS 2019).
The details of the publication are given as follows: Shahzad Ali, Zeeshan Ali Rana, Evaluating the Performance of Software Defect Models Using Area Under Precision-Recall Curve (AUC-PR), In Proceedings of the … Faculty members of CS Department, Dr. Aamir Wali and Dr. Mehreen Saeed published their research work titled "m-CALP - Yet another way of generating handwritten data through evolution for pattern recognition" at the Journal Biosystems. The journal has an impact factor of 1.46.
The paper is available at here. Dr. Zareen presented her research works in World Conference on Technology, Innovation and Entrepreneurship held in Istanbul on 21-23 June 2019. It is a prestigious conference organized by the Istanbul University under the auspices of the Republic of Turkey Ministry of Science, Industry and Technology. This interdisciplinary conference provides a platform to discuss and present latest technological developments and reforms for Innovative Entrepreneurship. Further details can be found at here … Final year project titled "Dynamic Cloud Resource Allocation" has been accepted at the International Conference on Information & Communication Technologies (ICICT) 2019. This conference will be held from 16-17 November 2019 at IBA Karachi. This project was completed by students of batch '15 under the supervision of Dr. Aamir Wali. The names of the students are: Abu Bakr Sohail, Abdullah Asad, Saad Sultan, and Suleman Khalid. Research work authored by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi titled Securing Software Defined Networks: On Feasibility of Network Behaviour Profiling, has been accepted for presentation and publication in IEEE INTELLECT 2019, to be held at Karachi, Pakistan in November 2019. INTELLECT 2019 is technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Karachi Section and Higher Education Commission (HEC). The conference will be addressing the latest research directions in the field of Microelectronics, Information Processing, Communications … Dr. Taimur Bakhshi in collaboration with fellow researchers at universities in UK, Iraq and Saudi Arabia, has published research work titled Using Burstiness for Network Applications Classification in the Journal of Computer Networks & Communications (https://doi.org/10.1155/2019/5758437). 
The paper proposes a novel flow statistical-based set of features that can be used for classifying applications by leveraging machine learning algorithms to yield high accuracy, and greater … Nosheen Qamar, a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science, along with her PhD supervisor, Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, published their research article in the prestigious international journal, IEEE Access, which now has an impact factor of 4.098. The paper is titled: "Birds of a Feather Gel Together: Impact of Team Homogeneity on Software Quality and Team Productivity".
Full paper can be downloaded from the link given below … The CS department is pleased to announce the promotion of Dr Aamir Shafi to Associate Professor. He joined the CS department on 1st August 2018 and has a bachelor's degree in Software Engineering from NUST and a Ph.D. degree, specializing in High Performance Computing, from the University of Portsmouth, UK. He was also a Visiting Scientist at MIT, USA. Dr. Ali Afzal Malik (Assistant Professor and Head, CS Department, Lahore campus) has become a Senior Member of IEEE in February 2019. Elevation to this senior membership grade of IEEE requires, among other things, professional practice of at least 10 years with proof of significant performance for the period of at least 5 years. IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization with IEEE Computer Society as its largest … Muhammad Ahmad, a student of batch 20 from FAST School of Computing, has won the 8th International Science and Youth Symposium (ISYS-20) that was held in GIKI in December 2020. The Faculty Development Committee of FAST School of Computing held an orientation session for the new faculty members who joined FAST-NU in Fall 2020 and Spring 2021. After introductions, Dr. Ali gave a brief history and overview of different programs being run under FAST School of Computing. A few tips on how to prepare for lectures were also provided by Dr. Ali, along with different responsibilities of faculty members. A … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of FAST School of Computing held a short workshop online on GPU and its usage for assignments/projects on December 24, 2020. The session was held to benefit the students of MS/PhD enrolled in the department. The session was held by department GPU coordinator Dr. Usman Awais.  The objective of the workshop was to familiarize the students (and the faculty members) with the process of accessing … Dr. Mudassir Shabbir delivered a talk at the FAST-NU Lahore campus on various creative methods to integrate mathematics teaching into undergraduate courses of the CS curriculum. The talk highlighted effective methods of pedagogy that may be used to make complex mathematical concepts more palatable and relatable to CS students. The talk brought into focus the importance of creating motivation inside and beyond the classroom; factors in deciding the correct scope … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science held a talk on "IOT System Vulnerabilities". The speaker were Dr. Haroon Mahmood, Assistant Professor in CS department FAST-Lahore, Mr. Ibrahim Nadir, Assistant Professor in CS department, FAST-Lahore and Mr. Asim Tanvir, researcher at KICS lab at UET.  The speakers talked about IOT devices and their vulnerability to cyber-attacks despite advancements over the past few years. They stressed upon security … Dr. Hamid Hassan, Director FAST NUCES Lahore campus inaugurated the newly constructed Mac Lab at FAST School of Computing (FSC). This lab is a valuable addition to FSC's technical infrastructure and is expected to facilitate our students in key industry-relevant courses and projects. Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Xplore Challenge for Researchers in Pakistan 2019-2020 started 1 May 2020 and ended on 30 June 2020. A large number of researchers from universities across Pakistan participated in the event. Mohammad Badar ud Din of FAST-NUCES won the 7th position in the contest winning an Apple iPad. Justice Gul Mohammad Library, FAST-NUCES Lahore organized the Apple iPad awarding ceremony on October 1, 2020. … FAST University’s NUCES ACM Lahore Chapter has for the 2nd time won the coveted international excellence award for “Outstanding Chapter Activities”. ACM (Association for Computing Machinery) is an international learned society for computing which is considered as the largest and most prestigious scientific and educational computing society in the world. ACM Student Chapters are the “local neighborhoods” of ACM that facilitate communication and collaboration within a university’s computer science community. … NUCES-ACM Lahore Chapter Holds 8th Annual Geek Week from February 28 - March 1. The event was attended by students from different universities including ITU, PUCIT, UOL, UMT and NUST. Different workshops and seminars were held along with different competitions. Different seminars and competitions received overwhelming response. The winners and runner-ups for different competitions are given below: Programming Competition - Winners: FAST- Batch 17 students, Runner-up: ITU HighQ - Winner: … The CS department organized a seminar on teacher training recently. Mr. Roy Andersen, a recognised global educational expert agreed to grace the occasion with his presence and share his valuable experience. He talked about many years of scientific research into what intelligence is, how to improve the operation of the school and how teachers can teach better. Mr. Roy talked of “The Brain Environment Complex Theory,” which presents a new … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science held a talk on "Deciphering the Secret Code of Life; Genetics for Computer Scientists". The guest speaker was Dr Muhammad Zaman Khan Assir who is an Assistant Professor of Medicine at Allama Iqbal Medical College Lahore. The guest speaker talked about recent revolution in sequencing technologies that has led to an outpouring of enormous data that is being shared by … The Department of Computer Science at FAST, Lahore campus recently held a workshop on Kaggle and all its different features. The guest speaker was Mr Adnan Zaidi, who is the Kaggle representative in Pakistan. The workshop was well attended by students and faculty. Mr Zaidi discussed and went over different features of Kaggle dataset and encouraged the audience to be an active member of the Kaggle society. NUCES ACM held a workshop on Graphic Design from 28th to 30th Jan 2020. The instructor, Mr. Umair Chaudhary, is a Product Design Head at Zameen.com and has a vast experience in the field of graphic and UI/UX design. The participants were familiarized with the basic concepts of typography, color psychology, logo making and poster making which made it a great learning opportunity. CS Department invited FYP students who had published papers from their FYPs. Both the groups were supervised by Dr. Aamir Wali. The groups talked about the importance of writing research papers. The groups talked about how the research work puts new knowledge in a public forum to announce it to others, so others can use it. In a more practical perspective, creating new knowledge gives a sense of achievement. After … Systems Ltd., one of the major software houses of Pakistan, organized a QA Meetup on November 30, 2019 in FAST-NUCES, Lahore. Over 400 participants from both the industry and the academia joined the event. The Meetup had organized several talks. Speakers talked about role of QA in Agile, how to effectively test analytical systems, and how to become a good automation engineer. The presentations were followed by a panel discussion … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Internet of Things Challenges and Opportunities delivered by Dr. Jasim Saeed a faculty member at the Department of Computer Science, Riphah International University, Lahore, Pakistan. Dr. Jasim’s research area comprises wireless sensor networks, focusing on Internet of Things, Smart Grid and privacy concerns in connected environments. During this talk the speaker elaborated the multiple research avenues and open challenges posed by the … Drupak held a 2 day workshop in FAST Lahore on 16th and 17th of November, 2019 in collaboration with NUCES-ACM, Lahore chapter. On day 1 of workshop, the team gave tutorials to students on how to make websites using Drupal platform. On second day, there were fruitful panel discussions and lab sessions on different uses of Drupal framework. The panel consisted of international speakers, well known in the Drupal community. … The Graduate Research Lab Committee of Department of Computer Science partnered with NUCES-ACM Lahore Chapter and held a seminar on Theoretical Computer Science. The seminar was held on November 13, 2019. Dr. Sarmad Abbasi graced the occasion with a lecture on "Chvatal's Art Gallery Theorem". The talk was elementary and self-contained. It allowed the audience a window to the wonderful subject of "Art gallery problem". A lot of interesting questions … The members of Industrial Collaboration Committee, under the leadership of Dr. Ali Afzal Malik, met with the CEO of Rareiio, Mellonie Francis, to discuss steps to improve collaboration between the Academia and the Industry. Various ways for collaboration came under discussion, ranging from involvement of BS(CS) students in industry projects to involvement of PhD students in research-oriented projects. After a fruitful discussion, it was decided that a team from Rareiio … The Faculty Development Committee of CS department organized a seminar on "How to set an Exam Paper". The aim of this interactive in-house discussion is to share and discuss techniques for setting effective exams. Dr. Asif Gilani, Dr. Kashif Zafar and Dr. Saira Karim shared their experiences in this regard. Various points came under discussion during the meeting. It was stressed upon by senior faculty members that the exam should … "Breaking the Ice" was hosted by NUCES ACM Student Chapter to bridge the gap between seniors and the fresh batch. The event was moderated by ACM President Rapheal Nazirullah and the panel of senior students included Noefal Ahmad, Saad Akbar, Maarij Fatima, Seerat Kamal and Mehar Fatima. The event was well attended by Batch 18 and 19 students. The panel discussed their journey through FAST and the problems they encountered. … The Graduate Research Laboratory Committee (GRLC), headed by Dr. Taimur Bakhshi and under the guidance of department chair Dr. Ali Afzal Malik successfully conducted the first PhD colloquium of existing research students on July 24 th , 2019. The colloquium was a one-day event aimed at giving the audience comprising of graduate students, faculty members and potential researchers an overview of the research projects being carried out in the department. … The GRL committee organized an informative talk by Mr. Sharjeel Qureshi, a Senior Software Engineer at Google. Mr. Qureshi (a graduate of FAST-NUCES) had been associated with Google for over five years and worked in the YouTube Player Infrastructure team on the optimization of video playbacks on Android. In this talk he discussed the engineering side of Google, from the culture and the benefits, to what life at Google is … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Named Data Networking in Connected & Smart Cities, by Dr. S.H Ahmad. He is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Georgia Southern University, U.S. Dr. Ahmad is heading the Wireless Internet and Networking Systems Lab at his department and in this research talk specifically focused on highlighting the driving forces for one of the popular Future Internet architecture … The GRL committee organized a research talk on Code-Based Post Quantum Cryptography delivered by Mr. Junaid Khan a research scientist at the Department of Information & Communication Engineering, Dongguk University, Seoul, South Korea. Mr. Khan's research area comprised of Code Based Post Quantum Cryptography, focusing on McEliece Cryptosystem and domains including Cryptography, Error Control Coding, Number Theory, Galois Field and Linear Algebra. The speaker shared his experiences in explaining the … Dr Aamir Shafi conducted a workshop "High Performance Computing using MPJ Express", on 15th July 2019, at the Belt and Road Aerospace Innovation Alliance (BRAIA) Summer Camp organized by NUST. More information about the event can be found in the link given below: http://www.nust.edu.pk/News/Pages/BRAIA-Summer-Camp-commences-at-NUST.aspx © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Feb. 23, 2022  Paper titled " Metaheuristics based COVID-19 Detection using Medical Images: A Review  " authored by Mamoona Riaz (MS student), Dr. Maryam Bashir (CS faculty member), and Dr. Irfan Younas (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in prestigious journal "Computers in Biology and Medicine" by Elsevier, having impact factor of 4.58 and W category by HEC.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Feb. 23, 2022  Paper titled " Metaheuristics based COVID-19 Detection using Medical Images: A Review  " authored by Mamoona Riaz (MS student), Dr. Maryam Bashir (CS faculty member), and Dr. Irfan Younas (CS faculty member) has been accepted for publication in prestigious journal "Computers in Biology and Medicine" by Elsevier, having impact factor of 4.58 and W category by HEC.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 https://forms.gle/YKEqaugy8AHCF8Qi7 Submission deadline: December 31, 2023 Mr. Hisham is the founder of multiple award-winning companies and products, namely, Arkhitech, Howmuch, Foodnerd and Cloud Sales. Arkhitech is a leading Software Development company with offices in Lahore, and Islamabad and servicing clients from USA, Canada, Europe, and Australia. The solutions delivered to clients have received multiple awards, with some client companies getting acquired or receiving multi-million dollar investment, and the end-users of the solutions being big names like Google, Amazon, KLM Airlines, Philips, Cisco, Pepsi, and various others. Hisham is also the founder of Howmuch and Foodnerd, award-winning cloud-based retail and restaurants management and POS platforms targeting retailers, distributors, and wholesalers as well as restaurant owners in Pakistan as well as internationally. Recently he founded Cloud Sales company in Saudi Arabia, to expand into Middle East market with his products and services. Hisham's focus is on building the next generation of Software Engineers, Product Managers, Software Automation Engineers, and Designers who are capable of delivering state of the art solutions and can rapidly develop/experiment with products in an incubator-like model. Hisham has not only created 100s of job opportunities, but also created impact with directly training many individuals, some of whom are founders, and top executives of successful companies in Pakistan as well as abroad. He directly trained many individuals himself, who are highly successful, and for the local market as well internationally and employed Pakistanis with his staunch belief on the quality of talent. Many of his employees hail from FAST NUCES. Hisham holds a Master’s degree in Computer Science from Georgia Institute of Technology, USA, has served as adjunct faculty member at LUMS. Miriam Mehdi did MA in Social Enterprise from American University, USA, on a Fulbright scholarship. She currently works at Uber as 'Head of Marketplace, Southern Europe' and has worked for Shell, Kansai Paints in the past. She has had a stint of founding a Fintech startup around saving circles (ROSCAs). She is passionate about problem solving, data, education, and social impact. Whenever in Pakistan, she can be seen trying to work from FAST campus. Mr. Usman Asif, the mastermind behind Devsinc, a web development company that's taking the tech world by storm. As the CEO and Founder, Usman has built a company that's not only making waves in California but also in Canada and Pakistan. With regional offices in these locations, Devsinc is truly a global player in the IT industry. But Usman is more than just a tech entrepreneur, he's a serial business creator, always looking for new opportunities to innovate and grow. Devsinc is the fastest-rising IT company in Pakistan, with over 1300 employees based in Lahore and Islamabad. Mr. Burhan Rasool is a consultant for United States Institute of Peace developing a training module on Technology in Policing for the National Police Academy. He is also part of the World Bank’s consulting team. Burhan holds a Certificate of Advanced Study in Public Leadership and Management from the Maxwell School, Syracuse University, New York. He is a recipient of the prestigious Humphrey Fellowship, a Fulbright Exchange Program, administered by the U.S. State Department Mr. Salman has served various multinational companies like Alcatel-Lucent, Nortel Networks and Mavenir (formerly known as Acision) in senior roles. He is currently working as a Group Director Products, Strategy, and Innovations at Global Message Services AG. Previously, he was responsible for Sales and business development for the Asian and Middle eastern Regions. He brings twenty-eight years of rich and diversified experience in successfully performing various leadership and senior roles in leading business transformations. He holds Master's degree in e-Business from Southern Queensland, Australia.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 https://forms.gle/YKEqaugy8AHCF8Qi7 Submission deadline: December 31, 2023 Mr. Hisham is the founder of multiple award-winning companies and products, namely, Arkhitech, Howmuch, Foodnerd and Cloud Sales. Arkhitech is a leading Software Development company with offices in Lahore, and Islamabad and servicing clients from USA, Canada, Europe, and Australia. The solutions delivered to clients have received multiple awards, with some client companies getting acquired or receiving multi-million dollar investment, and the end-users of the solutions being big names like Google, Amazon, KLM Airlines, Philips, Cisco, Pepsi, and various others. Hisham is also the founder of Howmuch and Foodnerd, award-winning cloud-based retail and restaurants management and POS platforms targeting retailers, distributors, and wholesalers as well as restaurant owners in Pakistan as well as internationally. Recently he founded Cloud Sales company in Saudi Arabia, to expand into Middle East market with his products and services. Hisham's focus is on building the next generation of Software Engineers, Product Managers, Software Automation Engineers, and Designers who are capable of delivering state of the art solutions and can rapidly develop/experiment with products in an incubator-like model. Hisham has not only created 100s of job opportunities, but also created impact with directly training many individuals, some of whom are founders, and top executives of successful companies in Pakistan as well as abroad. He directly trained many individuals himself, who are highly successful, and for the local market as well internationally and employed Pakistanis with his staunch belief on the quality of talent. Many of his employees hail from FAST NUCES. Hisham holds a Master’s degree in Computer Science from Georgia Institute of Technology, USA, has served as adjunct faculty member at LUMS. Miriam Mehdi did MA in Social Enterprise from American University, USA, on a Fulbright scholarship. She currently works at Uber as 'Head of Marketplace, Southern Europe' and has worked for Shell, Kansai Paints in the past. She has had a stint of founding a Fintech startup around saving circles (ROSCAs). She is passionate about problem solving, data, education, and social impact. Whenever in Pakistan, she can be seen trying to work from FAST campus. Mr. Usman Asif, the mastermind behind Devsinc, a web development company that's taking the tech world by storm. As the CEO and Founder, Usman has built a company that's not only making waves in California but also in Canada and Pakistan. With regional offices in these locations, Devsinc is truly a global player in the IT industry. But Usman is more than just a tech entrepreneur, he's a serial business creator, always looking for new opportunities to innovate and grow. Devsinc is the fastest-rising IT company in Pakistan, with over 1300 employees based in Lahore and Islamabad. Mr. Burhan Rasool is a consultant for United States Institute of Peace developing a training module on Technology in Policing for the National Police Academy. He is also part of the World Bank’s consulting team. Burhan holds a Certificate of Advanced Study in Public Leadership and Management from the Maxwell School, Syracuse University, New York. He is a recipient of the prestigious Humphrey Fellowship, a Fulbright Exchange Program, administered by the U.S. State Department Mr. Salman has served various multinational companies like Alcatel-Lucent, Nortel Networks and Mavenir (formerly known as Acision) in senior roles. He is currently working as a Group Director Products, Strategy, and Innovations at Global Message Services AG. Previously, he was responsible for Sales and business development for the Asian and Middle eastern Regions. He brings twenty-eight years of rich and diversified experience in successfully performing various leadership and senior roles in leading business transformations. He holds Master's degree in e-Business from Southern Queensland, Australia.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Nov. 4, 2024   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Nov. 4, 2024   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
To identify and attract the most promising students from diverse communities, to shape them into visionary leaders and world-class professionals. To identify and attract the most promising students from diverse communities, to shape them into visionary leaders and world-class professionals. To impart quality education to students, irrespective of their financial background, ethnicity, gender or religion to create an inclusive society. Research interest: Investigation of Chromatic polynomials , Chromaticity of Graphs and Hypergraphs. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department. She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language … MS Applied Linguistics program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore Sciences and Humanities Department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore hosted and organized the 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization (CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
© 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
EHDS (Environment, and Health Data Science) Lab was established by Prof. Dr. Saman Shahid in 2020. The research lab is committed to solving issues of digital health care through artificial intelligent models and handling monitoring of environment’s data received for simulation & modeling. The focus of data science and models in health is to revolutionize healthcare by harnessing the power of artificial intelligence to improve patient outcomes, enhance diagnostics, optimize … At MathX, we embark on a journey of relentless curiosity, exploration, and innovation at the intersection of mathematics and technology. Our vision is to push the boundaries of mathematical knowledge and its practical applications, driving advancements that have a profound impact on industries, society, and the way we perceive the world.
Mathematics is the universal language of problem-solving, and at MathX, we believe in connecting its power to unlock solutions … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 AtMathX, we embark on a journey of relentless curiosity, exploration, and innovation at the intersection of mathematics and technology. Our vision is to push the boundaries of mathematical knowledge and its practical applications, driving advancements that have a profound impact on industries, society, and the way we perceive the world. Mathematics is the universal language of problem-solving, and atMathX, we believe in connecting its power to unlock solutions to complex problems of different fields. Our interdisciplinary team of brilliant minds, including mathematicians, computer scientists and engineers, collaborates tirelessly to untie the mysteries of mathematics and apply its principles to diverse domains. We are committed to promote a culture of intellectual rigor and creativity, where diverse perspectives converge to generate groundbreaking ideas. Whether it's in the domains of numerical computing, algorithm designing, quantum computing, or mathematical modeling in fractional and fuzzy environments. We are driven by a passion for discovery and a desire to make mathematics accessible and applicable to all. Our mission is to advance mathematical knowledge and catalyze positive change. We aim to be the best in mathematical research, pushing the boundaries of what's possible, and ultimately, making the world a better place through the magic of mathematics.  Fields of Research MathXconducts research in the field of applied and computational mathematics. Their research endeavors span a range of core areas, with a particular emphasis on numerical computing, soft computing, fuzzy-fractional modeling and simulations, and development of numerical algorithms.MathXis not limited to theoretical research; we also have a strong commitment to applying mathematical innovations to real-world problems. Our current projects are based on fuzzy-fractional modeling in fluid dynamics and mathematical physics, where we aim to better understand and predict the behavior of physical systems. Additionally, we are exploring biological modeling of epidemic diseases, which is of utmost importance in the context of public health crises.  Lab Head  Prof. Dr. Mubashir Qayyum has more than 20 years of teaching and research experience. He is founder and head ofMathXresearch lab. Dr. Mubashir’s primary research interests cover numerical and soft computing, fluid dynamics, modeling and simulation of fractional, fuzzy, and stochastic differential systems. Dr. Mubashir has contributed significantly to the academic community by publishing his research in esteemed international journals and conferences. Furthermore, he actively engages in academic editorial responsibilities and serves as technical reviewer for a number of international journals.  Team Information 1. Prof. Dr. Mubashir Qayyum, Lab Head, NUCES Lahore 2. Prof. Dr. Omar Khan, NUCES Peshawar 3. Dr. Syed Tauseef Saeed, UOL, Lahore 4. Ms.Efaza Ahmad, NUCES Lahore 5. Ms. Sidra Afzal, NUCES Lahore 6. Ms. Shamaila Waheed, NUCES Lahore 7. Ms. Qursam Fatima, NUCES Lahore  Collaborators 1. Prof. Dr. Ali Akgul, Siirt University, Turkey 2. Prof. Dr. Mustafa Inc, Firat University, Turkey 3. Dr. Choonkil Park,Hanyang University, Korea 4. Prof. Dr. Jan Awrejcewicz, Lodz University, Poland 5. Dr. Hijaz Ahmad, International Telematic University, Italy 6. Dr. Saraswati Acharya, Kathmandu University Nepal 7. Dr. Adnan Khan, Shantou University China 8. Dr. Muhammad Sohail, KFUEIT, Pakistan 9. Dr. Naveed Imran, Hitec University, Pakistan 10. Dr. Hamid Khan, Islamia College University, Pakistan Alumni 1. Imbsat Oscar, NUCES Lahore 2. Aneeza Tahir, NUCES Lahore 3. Khadim Hussain, NUCES Lahore 4. Muhammd Faisal, NUCES Lahore 5. Amna Khan, NUCES Lahore 6. Sayiqa Jabeen, NUCES Lahore 7. Muhmmad Shoaib Khalid, NUCES Lahore 8. Hafiza Hina Yasin, NUCES Lahore 9. Farnaz Ismail, Islamia College University Peshawar  Research Lab Link:https://www.researchgate.net/lab/MathX-Research-Lab-Mubashir-Qayyum Personal Web Link:https://works.bepress.com/mubashir-qayyum/ Google Scholar Profile:https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=zCCOZqIAAAAJ Research gate Profile:https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Mubashir-Qayyum  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
EHDS (Environment, and Health Data Science) Lab was established by Prof. Dr. Saman Shahid in 2020. The research lab is committed to solving issues of digital health care through artificial intelligent models and handling monitoring of environment’s data received for simulation & modeling. The focus of data science and models in health is to revolutionize healthcare by harnessing the power of artificial intelligence to improve patient outcomes, enhance diagnostics, optimize … At MathX, we embark on a journey of relentless curiosity, exploration, and innovation at the intersection of mathematics and technology. Our vision is to push the boundaries of mathematical knowledge and its practical applications, driving advancements that have a profound impact on industries, society, and the way we perceive the world.
Mathematics is the universal language of problem-solving, and at MathX, we believe in connecting its power to unlock solutions … © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 EHDS (Environment, and Health Data Science) Lab was established by Prof. Dr. Saman Shahid in 2020. The research lab is committed to solving issues of digital health care through artificial intelligent models and handling monitoring of environment’s data received for simulation & modeling. The focus of data science and models in health is to revolutionize healthcare by harnessing the power of artificial intelligence to improve patient outcomes, enhance diagnostics, optimize treatments, and advance medical research. AI models are developed and deployed with the goal of transforming healthcare delivery and addressing the complex challenges faced by the healthcare industry.Data science plays a crucial role in addressing environmental hazards and promoting sustainability. By harnessing the power of data analysis, modeling, and predictive analytics, data science can contribute to understanding, mitigating, and managing environmental risks.The Environment and Health Data Science Laboratory’s mission is to apply data science and sophisticated analytical approaches to key challenges at the confluence of the environment and human health. Our major purpose is to provide practical insights and evidence-based solutions that help to identify, mitigate, and avoid ecological hazards and their effects on human well-being.We strive to contribute to the development of evidence-based policies, interventions, and strategies that promote sustainable environments and safeguard human health for present and future generations. Through simulations and modeling, artificial intelligence, statistical analyses, bioinformatics, sensors, specialized software, and engineering designs, the laboratory aims to study, report, analyze, develop, predict, and promote health and safety resulting from natural or built environmental impacts. The team included research assistants, MS students, and faculty members. They have published around 20+ international articles and conferences.  Principal Investigator  Prof. Dr. Saman Shahid deals with the teaching of Physics to BS Computer Science, Data Science, and Electrical Engineering programs. Her doctoral research work was related to brain cancer genetics and the discovery of mutations induced by environmental radiation with bioinformatics tools. She also teaches Environmental Sciences courses to MS/Ph.D. programs at the National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences, NUCES-FAST, and Lahore Campus. She has published 91 research articles in national & international journals. She has also published 40 abstracts at different national and international conferences. Her current impact factor is 118.1. She is also a peer reviewer and editorial board member of some local and international journals. Her areas of interest are Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Medicine & Environment, Medical/Health Physics, Medical Radiation Physics, Environmental Health, and Bioinformatics.  Collaborators Goals and Domains AI Health specific goals: Data Science for Environment & Sustainability:  Key Mission Objectives  Projects Completed  Projects in progress Environmental issues Evaluation of Socioeconomic and Environmental Impacts of Barrages by Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) Volumetric properties of hot mix asphalt (HMA) using the Marshall mix design with tire crumb rubber (CR). Journal of Rubber Research (under review) Comparison Of Different Properties Of Old Era Bricks And New Era Bricks. Assessment of green roof sustainability Monitoring of ammonia, carbon dioxide, and carbon monoxide by traffic congestion Green concretes and impacts Climate change detection from remote satellite data and machine learning models AI & Health Diagnosis of cerebral small vascular disease from machine learning Identification of venous stroke from MRV and CT scans from computational imaging Digital orthopedics: automated systems for knee osteoarthritis and fractures Assessment of surgical requirements in high grade glioma patients Rapid computer aided diagnosis system for brain tumors Epilepsy and seizure detection models Psychiatric Disorder Classification through EEG signals using Deep Learning Digital Orthopedics as a learning tool for young physicians.  Selected Publications AI & Health S Shahid, Masood K, Khan AW. International Conference on Radiation Safety: Improving Radiation Protection. International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), Vienna, Austria. CN 279. Predicting liver transaminases alterations from low-dose medical radiation exposure through machine learning (ML) approach. November 9-20, 2020, PP. 200-201. Iftikhar S, Shahid S, Hassan MU, Ghias M. Assessment and prediction of restless leg syndrome (RLS) in patients with diabetes mellitus type II through artificial intelligence (AI). Pakistan Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences. 2020 Sep 1;33(5):2399-404. (Impact Factor: 0.562). Shahid S, Masood K, Khan AW. Prediction of Impacts on Liver Enzymes from the Exposure of Low-Dose Medical Radiations through Artificial Intelligence (AI) Algorithms. Revista da Associação Médica Brasileira. 2021 Feb, 67(2); 248-259. (Impact factor: 1.209) S Shahid, S Iftikhar. Machine learning models to predict neuropsychiatric disorders in various brain tumors. 17 Feb 2022. Current Medical Research and Opinion, Taylor & Francis. (Impact factor: 2.705) S Shahid, A Javaid. Application of machine learning decision tree in diagnosing joint pain. ©2022 IEEE Turkey Section. TIPTEKNO’ 22 Medical Technology Congress. 31 Oct- 2 Nov, 2022. Indexed in IEEE Xplore. pp. 93-96 Ahmed Z, Shahid S. Improving emotion detection through artificial intelligence from EEG brainwave signals. ©2022 IEEE Turkey Section. International Conference on Artificial Intelligence of Things (ICAIoT). 29-30, December 2022. Indexed in IEEE Xplore. S Shahid, MA Chaudary. Computational biomarkers for the decision of neurological treatment for brain tumors. Pakistan Journal Of Neurological Surgery. 2022 Vol. 26(4). P. xi-xii. Chaudary MA, Shahid S. Neurosurgery with Artificial Intelligence. Editorial Pakistan Journal Of Neurological Surgery. 2022;26(1). Environmental Data Science: M Usman, S Shahid, S Ali, M Kaleem Ullah. Numerical Simulations of Turbulent and Flow Characteristics of Complex River Reach in Pakistan. Environmental Engineering Research. 2022;28(1): 210369. (Impact factor: 3.932) A Majeed, S Shahid, S Ali, N Firdous. Safety assessment of water purification plants of Lahore. Journal of the Pakistan Institute of Chemical Engineers. (HEC recognized and JCR listed) Vol. 50(2): 2023. Ghafoor H, Abbas S, Shahid S, Ali S. Investigating the potential of waste polyethylene in concrete. InProceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers-Waste and Resource Management 2023 Mar 14 (pp. 1-8). Thomas Telford Ltd. Paper 2200028, 2023. Investigating the potential of waste plastic bags in concrete. WASTE MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH-ICE 2023 UK. S Shahid, Chaudary MA, Majeed A, Siddique RA. Mental disorders emerging from the climate change: A need to mitigate the eco-anxieties. FUUAST J Biol. 2021; June 11(1): 69-73. Shahid S, Aslam MA, Ali S, Zameer M, Faisal M. Self‐healing of cracks in concrete using Bacillus strains encapsulated in sodium alginate beads. ChemistrySelect. 2020 Jan 9;5(1):312-23. (impact factor: 1.716) Raham I, Shahid Saman, Ali S. High Strength Green (HSG) Concrete with Coal Fly Ash. Revista Ingeniería de Construcción. 2023 Apr 1;38(1).   © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
June 12, 2019 MS Applied Linguistics program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
June 12, 2019 MS Applied Linguistics program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
To identify and attract the most promising students from diverse communities, to shape them into visionary leaders and world-class professionals. To identify and attract the most promising students from diverse communities, to shape them into visionary leaders and world-class professionals. To impart quality education to students, irrespective of their financial background, ethnicity, gender or religion to create an inclusive society. Research interest: Investigation of Chromatic polynomials , Chromaticity of Graphs and Hypergraphs. Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department. She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language … MS Applied Linguistics program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore Sciences and Humanities Department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore hosted and organized the 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization (CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
March 11, 2021  Dr. Summaira Sarfraz hasbeen appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department.She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language skills.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
March 11, 2021  Dr. Summaira Sarfraz hasbeen appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department.She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language skills.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Jan. 24, 2020  Sciences and Humanities Department ofNational University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahorehosted and organized the1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization(CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Jan. 24, 2020  Sciences and Humanities Department ofNational University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahorehosted and organized the1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization(CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department. She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language … MS Applied Linguistics program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore MS English Language and Training program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore Sciences and Humanities Department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore hosted and organized the 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization (CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department. She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language … MS Applied Linguistics program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore MS English Language and Training program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore Sciences and Humanities Department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore hosted and organized the 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization (CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department. She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language … MS Applied Linguistics program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore MS English Language and Training program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore Sciences and Humanities Department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore hosted and organized the 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization (CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has been appointed as Dean of Faculty of Sciences and Humanities, before assuming this role she has also served as Head of Department. She joined National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences back in 1996, completed her PhD in November, 2014. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language … MS Applied Linguistics program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore MS English Language and Training program is being offered at FAST-NU Lahore Sciences and Humanities Department of National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences, Lahore hosted and organized the 1st National Conference on Linguistic Challenges in Regional Integration and Globalization (CLRIG’20) on January 24, 2020 at Lahore Campus. The conference aimed at providing a platform to researchers, professionals, and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present their innovative and original research work in Linguistics, Literature, and related areas. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubashir.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ProfessorDean (Faculty of Sciences & Humanities)HEC Approved PhD Supervisor akhlaq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mazhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saman.shahid@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave farasat.shamir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saeeda.zia@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hina.firdous@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hira.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor iram.amjad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sara.khan1@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tayyaba.naz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zahida.mansoor@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.ikram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ali.zulfiqar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abdul.sattar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aisha.bano@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.naz@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayesha.saeed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamza.janjua@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kanwal.saleem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer m.yaseen@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.fazal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer nokhaiz.zahra@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razm.zafar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer Sarah.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer tasduque.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer (English) mahnoor.chaudhary@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Professor & HODHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mubashir.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ProfessorDean (Faculty of Sciences & Humanities)HEC Approved PhD Supervisor akhlaq.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor mazhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saman.shahid@nu.edu.pk ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD SupervisorOn Leave farasat.shamir@nu.edu.pk Associate ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor saeeda.zia@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hina.firdous@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor hira.iqbal@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor iram.amjad@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor tahir.rashid@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor sara.khan1@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor tayyaba.naz@nu.edu.pk Assistant ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor zahida.mansoor@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor hajra.ikram@nu.edu.pk Assistant Professor ali.zulfiqar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer abdul.sattar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aisha.bano@nu.edu.pk Lecturer aqsa.naz@nu.edu.pk Lecturer ayesha.saeed@nu.edu.pk Lecturer hamza.janjua@nu.edu.pk Lecturer kanwal.saleem@nu.edu.pk Lecturer m.yaseen@nu.edu.pk Lecturer namra.fazal@nu.edu.pk Lecturer nokhaiz.zahra@nu.edu.pk Lecturer razm.zafar@nu.edu.pk Lecturer rubab.arshad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer Sarah.ahmad@nu.edu.pk Lecturer tasduque.hussain@nu.edu.pk Lecturer (English) mahnoor.chaudhary@nu.edu.pk © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Welcome Home FASTians ! We’re here to help you connect, learn and network every step of the way. To connect and have access to beautiful campus you canregisterfor the alumni card Alumni cardholders will be able to avail following facilities:  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Welcome Home FASTians ! We’re here to help you connect, learn and network every step of the way. To connect and have access to beautiful campus you canregisterfor the alumni card Alumni cardholders will be able to avail following facilities:  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Calling all FAST University alumni!  We're excited to reconnect and stay updated with your incredible journeys since graduation.  Please take a moment to fill out our quick survey, so we can keep your information current and ensure you never miss out on exciting alumni events, opportunities, and more. Your input matters!Link:https://forms.office.com/r/9Jw0v8WD0H  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Calling all FAST University alumni!  We're excited to reconnect and stay updated with your incredible journeys since graduation.  Please take a moment to fill out our quick survey, so we can keep your information current and ensure you never miss out on exciting alumni events, opportunities, and more. Your input matters!Link:https://forms.office.com/r/9Jw0v8WD0H  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk (042) 111-128-128 Ext:227 Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has joined National University in 1996.She has completed her PhD in November, 2013. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language skills. She has ten International publications to her credit. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
ProfessorHEC Approved PhD Supervisor sumaira.sarfraz@nu.edu.pk (042) 111-128-128 Ext:227 Dr. Summaira Sarfraz has joined National University in 1996.She has completed her PhD in November, 2013. Her area of interest is the promotion of communicative approach to English language teaching with major emphasis on developing e-learning resources for the development of English Language skills. She has ten International publications to her credit. © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
 Tel: 111-128-128-289  Manager Academics- Deputy Controller Examinations saif.ullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 233 Assistant Manager Academics (Mg- Dept) ghulam.muhammad70@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Assistant Manager Academics (EE- Dept) nadia.kanwal@nu.edu.pk ext no: 106 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) shabbir.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) taneem.khalid@nu.edu.pk ext no: 563 Assistant Manager Academics (CS-Dept) wajeeha.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 568 Assistant Manager Academics (Central Academic Office) waqas.javed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academics Officer (MG-Dept) raoali.haider@nu.edu.pk ext no: 338 Academics Officer (Cvl-Dept) asma.minhas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 229 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) furqan.ashraf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 358 Academic Officer (SH-Dept) mehwish.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) rida.fatima@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Academic Officer (EE-Dept) usman.aziz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 318 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) asad.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer (CS-Dept) kamal.nazir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Academic Officer m.sara@nu.edu.pk ext no: 478 Assistant Academic Officer (CS-Dept) fateh.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 561 Assistant Academic Officer (Central Academic Office) muhammad.hasnain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 289 Supervisor (MG-Dept) zafar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Assistant  (CS-Dept) a.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CvL-Dept) ali.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant   (MS-Dept) faiq.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 337 Assistant (CvL-Dept) ibrar.mushtaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Assistant  (CS-Dept) imran.razzaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (CS-Dept) moeen.ejaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant (EE-Dept) muhammad.rizwan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 440 Assistant (CS) m.umair@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant   (CS-Dept) umair.baig@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346 Assistant  (CS-Dept) asif.zeeshan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 346  For any query or details please contact the Accounts Office on the following;Voice: (042)111 111 128(Ext: 268)  Manager Accounts ejaz.haque@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Deputy Manager Accounts tahir.mustafa@nu.edu.pk ext no: 209 Assistant Manager imran.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 268 Accounts Officer rana.fiaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 278 Assistant Officer (Accounts) mehboob.ulhaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 362 Accounts Assistant arif.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 502  Admin Department’s main responsibility is the smooth operations of campus which comprise of campus-maintenance,  asset/store management, procurement, transportation, security, housekeeping, gardening, and liaisoning with government and private offices and also responsible for budgeting, planning, reporting, sanctioning & permitting University resources. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 400)  Senior Manager (Admin) usama.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 400 Admin officer asim.niaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 401 Admin officer fatima.nouman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 202 Admin Officer (Store) mohsin.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 303 Assistant Officer (Procurement) atta.malik@nu.edu.pk ext no: 225 Assistant mahrukh.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 200 Assistant m.nasir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 205  Facebook  Manager bashir.muhammad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 204 Officer aftab.khadim@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Officer moeez.ulhassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 497  The core responsibilities of the IT Department are to provide lag-less operations and maintain the standards of IT infrastructure to its clients and facilitate them as per the organization's policies. For any query or details please contact the Computing Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 367)  Manager IT naveed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 367 Assistant Manager haider.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 213 Assistant Manager imran.munir@nu.edu.pk ext no: None System Officer abrar.gorsi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 System Officer khurram.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer amer.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 266 Assistant System Officer hassan.khan369@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Assistant System Officer yasir.lhr@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant abdul.rahim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant adnan.ijaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant amjad.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.hussain@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant farhan.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant muhammad.abubakar@lhr.nu.edu.pk' ext no: 281 Lab Assistant azhar.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant rizwan.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Assistant shokat.ali@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 555 Senor Lab Technician abdul.karim@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician abdul.rehman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician adnan.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician ali.raza555@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Lab Technician kamran.jamil@nu.edu.pk ext no: 224 Lab Technician mateen.waqas@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician arshad.ameen@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician muhammadwaqas@nu.edu.pk ext no: 215 Lab Technician zubair.dogar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281 Lab Technician sajid.ali12@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Technician ahmed.raza@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: None Technician aminjadoon@nu.edu.pk ext no: 281  Department of Computer Science Department of Civil Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Management Sciences Department of Sciences & Humanities Director Office  Department Secretary (FSC) memoona.shabbir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 565 Department Secretary (Civil Engineering) nadeem.irfan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 240 Secretary (AI&DS) sara.attaullah@nu.edu.pk ext no: 622 Department Secretary (Management Sciences) huma.zafar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 282 Department Secretary (SH) iqra.habib@nu.edu.pk ext no: 319 Secretary (Director) ps.director@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 211 Secretary (EE) Zunaira.Shahzad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 302  For any query or details please contact the Engineering Labs on the following;Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 443)  Assistant Manager (Accreditation) abdullah.azeem@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Senior Supervisor m.riaz@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Supervisor (CvL Labs) adnan.sarwar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) fiaz.saeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rizwan.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Senior Lab Assistant (EE Labs) shabnam.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) arslan.ahmad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.tahir@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) muhammad.ammar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) qaisar.subhani@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) rasheed.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) tahir.mahmood@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (EE Labs) usman.saddiq@nu.edu.pk ext no: 443 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) m.awais@lhr.nu.edu.pk ext no: 422 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) kashif.razaq@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) muhammad.usman@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) usman.qazi@nu.edu.pk ext no: 461 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) shoaib.hassan@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) timothious.chand@nu.edu.pk ext no: 341 Lab Assistant (CvL Labs) waqas.arshad@nu.edu.pk ext no: None Lab Assistant (CvL  Labs) zubair.butt@nu.edu.pk ext no: 426  The Office of Human Resources supports the University through the development and administration of quality human resources systems, programs and services designed to enhance the work environment and increase organizational effectiveness. HR-Campus & HR-HQ, working together in a spirit of continuous improvement and collaboration, seek effective and workable solutions that meet the needs of the campus community while anticipating the challenges presented by a constantly changing world. For any queries or details please contact the Human Resource Office on the following: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092028905403 Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 333)  Deputy Manager (HR) nasir.tufail@nu.edu.pk ext no: 333 HR Officer sania.qayyum@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Assistant Officer (HR) atique.nazar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506 Senior Assistant (HR) tahir.ali@nu.edu.pk ext no: 506  The International Education Office is dedicated to fostering global connections and promoting cultural exchange at our university. Our mission is to facilitate international partnerships, collaborations, and exchange programs that enhance the academic experience of our students. Our team is responsible for: - Building and maintaining partnerships with institutions worldwide - Facilitating international agreements and Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) - Organizing training sessions and workshops led by international experts - Serving as a liaison between the international office and university departments - Developing policies and procedures for international activities - Supporting international students and exchange programs from inquiry to graduation - Promoting global awareness and cultural exchange throughout the university community   Officer ayesha.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636 Assistant mubasher.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 636  The NU Library has been established in 1997 with a view to equipping its users with knowledge and skill. In support of the mission, the library integrates print and electronic resources and provides a comprehensive program of service, which allows broad access to information in all formats. It is the aim of the library to develop, monitor and evaluate services to match changing information needs in higher education; to enable the user to understand and utilize effectively the full range of information services; to foster the acquisition of skills necessary for independence in lifelong learning Our mission is to excel in supporting the academic and scholarly endeavors of our users, in their core instructional and research requirements by utilizing the best possible resources, systems, and services. The library aims to encourage and support the academic and research activities of faculty, staff, and students. It provides a full range of services that include loans, online information searching, reference services, inter-library loan, document delivery (printed and electronic), access to digital resources & online searching, etc. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 246 or 210)  External Url:https://nu.insigniails.com/Library/Home  Senior Librarian masif@nu.edu.pk ext no: 210 Manager (Library) naila.siddiqui@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) asad.khan@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) farooq.azam2@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) rauf.akbar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Manager (Library) ali.syed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant Librarian aasia.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246 Assistant faisal.sharafat@nu.edu.pk ext no: 454 Assistant m.jawad@nu.edu.pk ext no: 246  Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore campus,  updating news & events on the website, content generation and graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters, designing, managing, and implementing (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with news/media agencies. •        Responsible for managing social media platforms of FAST NUCES Lahore •        Responsible for managing the social media platforms of the Student Society •        Updating news & events on website •        Content generation and Graphic Designing for social media, magazines, and newsletters •        Assisting the Director of Campus & Deputy Manager of Student Affairs for the smooth functioning of the Student Center •        Composing and Circulating emails from Student Center •        Designing, managing and implement (Admission Campaigns) and communicating with agencies For any query or details please contact the Media Marketing Office on the following; Voice: (042) 111 111 128 (Ext: 300)  External Url:https://www.facebook.com/FASTNULahore/  Assistant Manager (Media) wajiha.abdulrauf@nu.edu.pk ext no: 300  Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) implements internal quality assurance (IQA) mechanism of the University. QECs are established in all campuses and are run as per HEC guidelines. QEC of NUCES is categorized by HEC in W Category in the 2015 annual quantitative assessment which is the highest level of quality assurance. This achievement in IQA directly contributes in achieving higher accreditation status from relevant accreditation councils, working under external quality assurance (EQA) mechanism of HEC. Further, higher QEC level also contributes towards better score in HEC annual ranking of universities. The recognition at both IQA & EQA clearly demonstrates University’s efforts to burgeon quality standards of education at all levels. QEC is member of International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE), and Association of Quality Assurance Agencies of the Islamic World (AQAAIW). These memberships offer ample opportunities to collaborate with international members for benchmarking and standardization of best practices. Moreover, the QEC staff also participates in their international events, both as a significant contributor and participant. Voice: (042) 111 128 128 (Ext: 437)  Assistant Manager (QEC) bushra.majeed@nu.edu.pk ext no: 437  The Department of Student Affairs maintains a liaison between the University administration and the students. It facilitates the students in addressing their problems in academics, co-curricular, social activities, sports, examination, transportation, health, fees, career planning and discipline. The whole team of Student Affairs helps students navigate and reflect upon challenges to adapt to change and empowers them to become architects of their own learning and development. It also communicates the problem being faced by the students to help them in their amicable solution. The Department also assists various functionaries of the university in holding different academic, co-curricular, and/ or social events on campus. The department renders assistance in resolving different issues amongst the students through counseling and other corrective measures as deemed appropriate, meeting parents if required, besides giving them adequate guidance. For any query or details please contact the Admin Office on the following:Voice: (042) 111 111 128(Ext: 494)  Academic Officer attufa.akhtar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 495 Assistant Officer (Sports) azhar.saleem@nu.edu.pk ext no: 496 Assistant N.A ext no: 200 Assistant zainab.iftikhar@nu.edu.pk ext no: 509 © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Oct. 2, 2024  All undergraduate students of Batch 2024 can apply forChief Minister’s Punjab Honhaarundergraduate scholarship program, which is being offered on merit basis. The eligibility criteria has been mentioned in the attached advertisement. Kindly note that the last date for the submission of application isOctober 15, 2024. The scholarship is only forundergraduatestudents ofBatch 2024.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
Oct. 2, 2024  All undergraduate students of Batch 2024 can apply forChief Minister’s Punjab Honhaarundergraduate scholarship program, which is being offered on merit basis. The eligibility criteria has been mentioned in the attached advertisement. Kindly note that the last date for the submission of application isOctober 15, 2024. The scholarship is only forundergraduatestudents ofBatch 2024.  © 2020 Copyright : lhr.nu.edu.pk 
